What's up? It's nostalgia day. This
one's for me. This isn't for y'all. Get
over yourself. Not every stream is about
you, chat. Some of the time it's about
me. It's about my nostalgia. So, here's
what we're doing. I have actually not
really watched in a long time, the vast
majority of Doug Dug videos that I made
over the years. This includes the
Hearthstone ones from back in 2015. This
includes all the early Doug Doug ones,
the explained with food. Some of them
I've gone back and watched, but I
actually haven't seen most of these in a
long long long time. Also, I
accidentally put a Dota video in here
and I don't know how to get rid of it.
And so, I thought it'd be fun to kind of
just go through these and give little
anecdotes about what it was like making
some of these. So, I have the playlist
here. We're going to go through all of
them in order from 2015 Hearthstone 5
Arena tips all the way up to my
retirement video and rank all of them.
There are 213. This means we got to move
fairly quick, right? I I'm not intending
on watching every video. That would take
forever. Interesting, fun anecdotes if
necessary. Great. I can also ask you
guys for votes if we need so your things
will come here. So, a 12-hour stream. I
have an important commitment at 8:00
p.m. in 6 and 1/2 hours. We cannot go
longer than that. Also, that would be so
much longer than this needs to be. All
right, we got to talk about how we rate
things. Okay, we have five secret arena
tips. The video that I made in 2015. So,
what are we exactly voting this on? Is
it how much I like it? Is it how much
chat likes it? How funny was it? Were
there particular moments that were super
interesting? How creative was it
compared to other videos? Is there like
a sense of nostalgia? Like just really
being excited about revisiting that? Uh
how was the viewership? Not in the sense
of like how big was the number, but more
did people really respond to it in a
positive way? Hair. Okay. All right.
Look, we need to broadly discuss how
we're going to rank this stuff. And by
this stuff, I mean Hearthstone, because
let's be honest, none of these first 15
videos I made were that interesting.
These are all in 2015 before I figured
out my like Doug Dug style. Now, I don't
know if I honestly think they're good
videos. Let's just start with this one.
Five secret [music] arena tips. Let's
listen to how I sounded 10 years ago.
Whether you're a brand new Hearthstone
player or if you're a veteran just
looking to hone your drafting skills,
I've got five secret tips here to help
you learn how to pick the perfect arena
card every time. I remember this very
deeply because I remember that this was
the first video that I edited or made.
So, in my brain, this is like me
learning how to make a video. And
there's like three or four versions of
this before I finally posted it, cuz I
would then go back after 2 months and be
like, "Oh, no, no, the pacing's all
bad." Blah, blah, blah. The one segment
of this that I think is quite funny is
that I picked up eggs and then threw
them in my apartment and the apartment
smelled like eggs for the next year. And
so, my roommates weren't stoked about
that. It's not that bad. I think it was
a very good video for my first video. I
think it was very good. Is it something
that I would want to go watch?
Absolutely not. I have not watched it
since. He's bald. My face is bald in
this one. I'm curious for people who
have watched it. What What is your tier?
My tier I think would be A. It's not my
favorite video by any means, but it I
think was very good for what it was at
the time. Damn. Down to B. You guys hate
me. Or do you just hate this video
particular? I'll take all of this
personally. By the way, I I'm going to
toot my own horn here. When I posted
this video, this is back in the
Hearthstone days. Got popular on Reddit.
There was a little content creator named
Disguise Toast who saw this video and
apparently was like worried because I
was going to come in and like take the
fire away from him. Something like that.
I heard this secondhand, but apparently
put the other content creators on edge
or one of them maybe supposedly. So, I
think this is good. I think people liked
it. Uh, that being said, let's go on to
this [__] show, which is Secret Cards.
I'm going to be honest. I have not
watched this. I remember thinking it was
not good. Okay, here's what happened. I
made the videos. I made four or five of
them before I started posting and then I
started releasing them weekly. The first
one got really popular on Reddit and got
like 70,000 views. Oh my god. And then
the second one bombed and I freaked out
and had like a huge panic anxiety
meltdown cuz I was like, "Oh my god, all
this it's all going to fail. It's all
going downhill from here." So I felt
super embarrassed about it because
nobody cared about this video. And at
that point, I was too early in my
creative career to know how to handle
the ups and downs of creativity. So,
this video is associated with me of like
a panic attack of realizing my ambitions
and hopes and dreams are all crumbling
to a crashing depressing halt and I
can't do anything and I'm awful. This is
where I would put it. That being said, I
have not watched this since it came out.
This is like 10 years ago, but it's a
good video. Is it a good video? Welcome
to the first episode of Secret
Hearthstone Card Ideas. All of a sudden,
[__] Insane Bomber could just show up
out of nowhere, start bombing
everything, and you're like, "What the
[__] I don't even own this card." AND
THE BOMBER'S LIKE, "ESPORTS,
MOTHERFUCKER." UH, I mean, he's trying.
And let's talk about this as like a
different person than me. He's trying. I
think maybe you get a D for effort. I
don't know. This is the thing. I don't
know if it's a good video. I just I
personally hated the feeling of it. And
this is going to be true for the next
couple of these. Actually, no, that's
not even true. This is like one of my
most hated. I think this is an F.
Funniest [__] I've ever seen. Okay,
we're putting it in D cuz there's a lot
of people saying S. All right, so little
story time. This first video I put out,
I had just quit my job at EA and I was
like, I'm going to see if I can do
YouTube for a bit. Crazy idea, but it
there was some thought behind it. I was
like, I have 5 months of savings I can
live off of. So then I put out this one
and it did well. And I was like, oh my
god, I'm going to do I'm going to be a
YouTuber. And then I put out this one
and it bombed super hard and everybody's
like, ah, you're trying way too hard.
And I was like, oh my god, my life is
ruined. I CAN'T DO ANYTHING. [__] AND
SO THEN I dropped this one next. Jana
and Anduin get back together. There's
some videos that are a series of jokes
throughout the video. There's other
videos that all lead up to one joke. And
so I role played as Jana and Anduin from
Hearthstone.
>> I realized that none of those pirates or
dwarves or boombots could satisfy me. I
thought I needed something new in my
life. But but what I really needed the
whole time was you.
>> Oh, Jana,
>> I still love you, Anduin.
>> Oh, Jana, I still love you, too.
>> Let's start over, Anduin. Let's get back
together.
>> Oh, let's do it. God, I've missed you so
much, Jana.
>> Oh, come make love to me, Anduin.
>> Oh, yeah. Here I come.
>> [music]
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, yeah. [laughter]
Like, you got to admit that's kind
that's actually kind of funny to build
up to just like
It's kind of funny, dude. So, I remember
this distinctly. I put this up and I was
like, "Fuck it. I'm going to I don't
know what's going on anymore." And then
it gets near the top of Reddit and
everybody's like, "Now, this is [__]
content." And then the mods removed it
because it was like they said it was
barely related to Hearthstone and is too
weird and sexual. So I had this
emotional roller coaster where for 4
hours I was like, "Oh my god, I'm back.
I'm so back. I am a content creator."
And then it got taken off. See, I don't
know. It's like a pretty funny edit. I
think it's just very cringy, but that's
like the point. What were the comments?
I'm so happy I subbed to you after that
first video. Keep up the juvenile
[__] This person unironically said
XD. I'm putting this in B tier. I think
the joke is fairly funny and it was
unique for the time. Okay, actually
exact same concept for Rappy the raptor.
So this is a little more mature, but
again it was like taking an entire
Hearthstone.
>> Let me tell you about my best friend
[music] WPY. He might look like just an
ordinary raptor, but trust me, Rappy is
so so much more. You see, it all started
8 months ago. I was wandering through
the forest of Stranglethorn Veil. I had
just gone through a rough breakup, and
oh man, was I heartbroken. I didn't have
anywhere to go and all I could do was
just wander Azeroth aimlessly looking to
take my mind off the pain. And just when
I thought I couldn't take the heartache
anymore, that's when I saw him. He was
just a baby raptor back then, stranded
in the middle of Strangle Thorn.
>> So, this is back in my like scripted
videos era. So, prepare yourself,
Azeroth, because today we're entering
the Hearthstone competition. We've been
training for months, man and Raptor,
together to show these cowards what two
best friends can do. Now, get in there,
Rappy. Let's win this thing. Come on,
Rappy. Show them how powerful you are.
Show them what we can do. Show them what
two best friends can do.
That's actually I think that's a just
wellexecuted video. I will take credit
for doing a good job. I will. I think
that might be like a I think it was a
good video. Unironically S tier. I think
S tier I'm reserving for like my
favorites, but I think it's solidly an
A. Okay, next up is this meme. You got
to remember the context here. This is
when I'm still trying to figure out like
what my vibe is and every video is like
very different and weird. So, this one
is just, you know, for people who played
Hearthstone, there was just these iconic
sounds. So, I was like, what if you just
put them over gifts?
>> I can take the hit. Brace for impact.
>> Drink with me, friend. Challenge
accepted.
>> Behold the armies of Stormwind. you face
Juraxis
of the Burning Legion. [sighs]
>> This is very Reddit coded. This is very
much like eh memes and then it did
really really well on Reddit. I remember
being like damn, okay, I got to do more
of this. That being said, it's not like
my personality at all. So, I don't
really like it, but it was very popular.
Had 300,000 views at the time. I don't
know if I'd put it in F cuz like it was
well executed and popular. It's not just
like straight up bad, but it wasn't I'm
not like proud of it. Okay, so put
yourself in my brain from 10 years ago.
I have these ambitions. I'm going to
quit programming and I'm going to become
a YouTuber. And I put out the first
video, it does really well and I'm
stoked. And then I put the second one
and it fails and I'm super scared and
like, oh god, it's all going to fail. I
was a mistake. And then [music] I put
out Jane and Andy would get back
together and it gets kicked off the
Reddit. But I'm like, well, hold on.
Maybe I am able to make things. And I
make Rappy the Raptor. not super
popular, but Brian Kibler, very popular
Hearthstone content creator and magic
content creator, specifically called
this out and said it was a great video
and I was like, "Okay, I got something."
And then I made a Mimi video and I was
like, "Okay, cool." And then I went
back, uh-oh, to scripted weird [__]
that I'm like trying to be funny. I have
not watched this since. I do not want to
watch this. Okay, fine. We'll watch a
little bit. I I really don't remember
this at all.
Fire.
>> The opponent has a 25 minion kill
streak. Tactical nuke incoming.
>> I There's a tactical nuke in this game.
I didn't know there's a nuke. OH MY GOD.
NO. NO.
>> Everyone hang on. [screaming]
>> Okay, that wasn't as bad as I thought.
Okay, for the sake of time, we got to
get going. This I don't know D. It's
fine. We'll move on. We'll move on. All
right. This one I'm proud of. Sounds of
the tempo mage. So, this is when I for
context in high school and college, I
made music and that was like my creative
ambition and I was always kind of bad at
it. Then when I was trying to like
figure out my content style, I was like,
wait, what if I made one of those like
remix things? And I've showed this on
stream before, but this one is all
Hearthstone sounds.
And I feel like this was actually really
sick. And it was cool to do this. It was
like one of the quickest videos I made
and ended up being one of the most
liked. And actually the guy who became
the future director of Hearthstone, who
now is the design lead of League of
Legends, he told me that this is like
his favorite video and he and his wife
watch it all the time. This is like in
person. I was, "Oh my god." Still before
him like a, you know, content creator
really. So this felt cool. But also
context here. These videos were getting
like 10 to 100,000 views and that is not
enough to survive. They weren't
consistent. And I made like $5 total.
I mean, this part rips. I would maybe
put this in S, but probably A. Okay, I'm
reorganizing this. Rappy and Sounds of
the Tempo Mage, I think, actually still
hold up as a videos. This one is cringey
and it is only nostalgia bait. These
two, this can't be an A tier. I think
for something to be an A tier S, it
needs to still hold up. I need to think
it's actually still watchable. This is
not watchable. This is like, oh, okay.
Good job, sport. You did it. It was your
first video. Okay, this one's
interesting. Today I'm going to tell you
why you should root for the professional
Hearthstone player Purple aka Purple Dr.
[__] music.
Okay, so this I still didn't really know
what I wanted to do creatively. And this
is a very interesting video because it
changed my career. [music] So at this
point I live in San Francisco. I had
quit my job as a programmer. I'm living
off my savings and I'm hoping that I
could get my YouTube channel successful
enough to live off of. That is not
happening. It's getting some attention
on Reddit, but like that's it. and I've
made like $3 total. And so then I was
interested of like, ooh, can I make like
a documentary style video about one of
the people who's playing competitively
and I made this video and it didn't get
a lot of views. It was like one of the
lowest performing videos, but I think it
was really wellm made. And so it got a
little bit of attention on Reddit. And
then I got a DM on Reddit from Milkcast,
who worked at ESL, who runs Hearthstone
Esports at the time alongside Blizzard,
and messages me on Reddit and says, "We
really liked your video. would you be
interested in coming to Los Angeles and
helping us produce esports tournaments?
And I was like, what? Sure. Yeah. So, it
turns out ESL was running these events
and then Blizzard was paying them to do
it and they were having a really hard
time making content about the events
that wasn't super cringey and awkward.
And so, they saw this and was like,
"This guy could help us do this." He had
a good eye for like finding people in
the community to like utilize for
things. He He's a very good like talent
scout kind of. And so, I was like,
"Yeah." And so that conversation, I'm a
few months into quitting programming,
trying to make YouTube a thing. And then
I get this DM that's like, "Do you want
to move to LA and get into esports?" I'm
like, "I don't know what that means, but
yeah." And I expressed interest. And the
next 2 3 months of videos was all what I
made while waiting for the actual
contract and confirmation that this was
happening. So this video is what kicked
off this career change where I actually
successfully made it out of programming
and came to LA for a month, helped them
out. They liked what I was doing. I got
basically a job offer from Blizzard, but
mo mostly from ESL and I took the job
and I moved to LA and then that was like
the whole career pivot. So, this video,
it was one of the least viewed, but it
got me a career, which is kind of crazy.
So, I'm like really proud of this. I
don't It's, you know, it's not like
super polished or whatever. Honestly, I
don't even care what you say about this
one. It's definitely a It's like
important to me. It's very meaningful to
me personally. Okay. I don't [__]
remember this.
>> Your host Ben Bro and today we're going
to be showing you how we cook up new
Hearthstone cards here at sketches. I
don't like sketch Doug is annoying. Do I
remember that? Oh, this is another video
that's all building up to like one joke.
My sketch videos are like
>> already smelling
>> funny but cringey.
>> Since this is a goblins and gnomes
themed card, we need to add in a healthy
serving of randomness or RNG.
>> Okay, here's the joke. Because
Hearthstone was really random. This is
like one of the main jokes. I was like,
"This is going to rip. People are going
to love [music] this."
>> Now that we know, now it's time to give
this new card a taste.
I assume I don't actually.
Oh my god. [screaming]
The worst part.
>> IT'S SO BAD.
GET RID OF IT. TOSS IT AWAY. THROW IT
AWAY.
>> NO. NO. NO. NO.
>> We ship it.
>> And that's how Blizzard invented heav
Nessing.
[laughter]
Okay, that's kind of funny. That's a
pretty solid bit. And then the the end
screen being Silent over me vomiting.
This is very funny. Okay, you know, I
I'm impressed with past self. That's a
lot better than I expected. Damn. Maybe
I'm a good content creator. I think it's
at least B, but that might be A, dude.
Okay, honestly, I think I'm rating it
too hard. I think this needs to be B,
but then these need to go down into C.
And secret card ideas, this needs to go
down to F. I don't even remember what it
is, but it has to go down to F, cuz I
hate it. I think we there needs to be
more of a spread. Look, ultimately,
spoiler alert, I put out videos that I
like. So, you know, I'm not going to
hate most of these. Only make a thing if
I think it's entertaining. So, I need to
be more critical, I think, or let you
guys be more critical. Okay, next one.
Mysterious Challenger drops the beat.
This one's interesting because it was
another attempt at using the sounds from
the game and remixing those into a
video. And then this one popped really
hard and people really like this one. I
combined Doug's funny meme buildup joke
like sketch vibes with the music. Like,
I put them together and it was cool.
Also, you know what I will say? This
song kind of rips. This is me. I made
this song and it's kind of [__] rips
and we're going to listen to it.
>> This is about a card called Mysterious
Challenger
>> who was used all the time and everybody
got super annoyed at him.
>> Like this card was extremely obnoxious
and just dominated the whole game and
his whole thing is he says, "Who am I?
None of your business."
>> Who am I? None of your business.
>> Wasn't that bass? It's great. It's great
editing. All right. For 2015, [music]
it's great editing. The song sucked.
What are you talking about? This is a
sick song. You're going to tell me, Hold
on. The next video is just the full song
that I released. You're going to tell me
this song doesn't rip?
>> I will not take any slander. I think
this is just sick. I think that song
[__] rips. I'll say it. That's I'm
not that proud of that much music I
made. That song [__] rips. And so I
put this out. And what was interesting
about this, for anybody who remembers
Hearthstone content back in the day, the
game director, this guy named Ben Bro,
everybody loved Ben Bro. And so he
personally retweeted this video back
when Twitter, you know, people cared
about Twitter. He retweeted this video
and said it was really funny. Not only
that, I then DM'd him on Twitter. I
think he followed me as a result and
said, "This video starts with me saying,
"Hi, I'm Ben Bro." And like making fun
of their design process. And I DM'd him
on Twitter and I was like, "Hey, I just
want to say I hope you didn't mind about
that Ben Bro Blizzard cooking joke. It
was meant good fun, but I didn't want to
be an asshole." And so he DMs me back
and is like, "No problem. I thought it
was hilarious. Hey, if you're going to
[music] be at Blizzcon this year, let me
know. Here's my phone number. We should
hang out. I was like, WHAT THE [__]
THAT'S AWESOME. And so that like a
couple weeks later, I went to Blizzcon,
which is like a convention. He is one of
the heads of one of the most popular
video games in the entire world right at
this point. This is 2015. Hearthstone is
like top of the world, and I just went
and like hung out with Ben Bro for like
30 minutes in the middle of this
convention. It turns out he is actually
as nice and awesome as it sounds, and he
was just like the nicest person. I was
like, "Holy shit." So, between this
video of Purple getting me a job offer
in esports in Los Angeles, and then this
one getting me Ben Broad's phone number,
my channel wasn't doing well, but I was
like, "Okay, there's there's something
here." Anyway, I'm proud of this. I
think is I think I was actually just a
banger, and this is A tier, and I win.
Okay, the the actual song on its own,
maybe D or C. I don't know. It's not
like that impactful. B for Ben Broad.
Yeah, I I might do B. This video, I
thought it was really special. was like
it got a lot of content creators in the
Hearthstone space to be like, "Damn."
That being said, none of them knew my
name. It was just like, "Oh, that video
was funny." I hadn't developed like a
brand yet. Speaking of which, here's a
video I was like, "Well, that meme video
did well. May as well do part two." And
turns out people didn't really care that
much.
>> I think this is
>> help you, sir.
>> This was a doing it for the algorithm.
And then it didn't work, which made it
>> none of your business feel even worse.
>> Sneak attack.
>> Hello. Hello. Hello.
Okay, that's that's a good one.
>> Ready for action.
>> Cringe. It's fine. It's just Reddit
slop. It's for people to like upvote
references. Like, oh, that's the sound I
like. Is that okay, what is this next
one? Whoa. How to play Hearstone with
Damn, this is forgot how much like story
there is to all these old videos. So,
you're going to have to and I'm sorry,
look at my face. Today, I'm going to try
to play Hearthstone using only voice
commands. So I found this program and if
I say the following mouse grid. All
right. So context here. I was watching
Germa 985 at the time. He made a video
where he played TF2 with his voice. That
was where voice command stuff started.
So I saw that and I tried to figure out
a way to do it and I saw that Windows
had a mouse grid program. Mouse grid.
That'll pop up this grid on screen and
now I can tell it which grid to click on
and I can also have it like drag and
click for click.
Yes. So, funny context here. This is the
first gaming challenge video I ever did.
It actually went really well. I felt
pretty awkward during it, but it was
like a fun concept. The first time I was
like, "Here's a wacky way to do a thing,
and I edited it together into a story,
and it was really funny. I I think I
won."
>> That was great.
You might notice that the audio quality
is really, really bad. What I didn't
know, because this was the first time I
recorded gameplay footage, is that I
accidentally set the microphone to my
webcam, so it's [laughter] only
recording off my webcam audio, which
means the program could like barely
understand me because the audio quality
is so bad. And it turned out that made
it actually entertaining. It would have
been pretty boring if I wasn't like
fighting the program.
>> But it's a little it was the first
gaming challenge video I did and the
first example of like using shitty
programs, and it's way funnier as a
result. So, this actually like it wasn't
the best video, but it was cool seeing
this like premise works. Anyway, I
think, you know, it's funny. It's It's
fine, you know? So, it's fine. I think C
is fine. I mean, C is still good, but
it's definitely not something you should
go watch. You know what I mean? Okay,
this is the We'll speed this up. This is
the sequel to the purple one. This is
another like profile of a player where I
made like a little mini documentary. And
this was Dog, who was a more popular
streamer, so this did better. So, I was
like, you know, how do I communicate a
story? And I think I did a really good
job even though this is not broadly
appealing. Great job me. Uh that being
said, it's not like something you should
really go back and watch. It's probably
like B. This video is better than the
first documentary type thing I did, but
the first one is important to me cuz it
changed my life substantially. Okay,
let's move on. This one's interesting.
Again, around this time, I'm in this
weird period of like 4 months where I've
quit my job. I'm putting videos out
every week. I'm freaking out and my
anxiety is up and down every week based
on how things are doing. But then I get
a job offer on Reddit. the lead designer
is hitting me up to talk and hang out at
Blizzcon and creators are talking about
my stuff, but it's not actually
successful yet. It's a weird confusing
time. And then Blizzard reaches out to
me on Twitter and they were like, "Hey,
we like this video where Cristiano
Ronaldo did Jingle Bells for an ad.
[music]
Is it a car commercial?" It's definitely
a car commercial. I didn't know if they
were just promoting the joy of
Christmas, but wait, is it a headphones?
Okay, I don't not even clear what we are
supposed to be buying as a result of
that. So, they DM' me and said, "Hey,
would you want to do something like
that?" And I was like, "Oh my god,
Blizzard's asking me to do a thing. I
should do it, right?" And so, then I
spent a week making this video.
Now, I assumed
if I do a really good job, then that'll
get me an in with Blizzard or something.
Or they'll feature my video or
something. Or maybe they'll give me
money.
>> Happy Beast of Winter.
So, these are all sounds from the game
that I like pitched up and down
and I think I did a good job. It's like
very well made, I think. Turns out I got
a retweet and no money and no follow-up,
but people liked it, I guess. So, I
think when I first got the DM, I was
like, "Oh my god, Blizzard. Maybe I'm
going to get a job with Blizzard." They
were my dream company to work for at the
time. And I was like, again, you got to
remember, I am living in San Francisco.
I'm burning through my savings every
single day trying to get into a
different industry somehow and like they
DM'd me and basically asked me to make a
video and I was like, "Oh my god." And
it wasn't until after I made the video
and put it out and they retweeted it and
nothing else that I realized this was
not Blizzard like vetting me for a job
at Blizzard. It was some person on
social media who was like, you know,
maybe Glutus could make that'd be kind
of fun. It wasn't like an official. It
was just like a social media person who
was like, "Yeah, wouldn't that be cool?"
And that was it. And that there was
nothing else that came from it. And I
was kind of a little annoyed by that cuz
I was like, dude, I would have made
another video. Like arguably the quality
of it is good enough. It might be like
C. I don't know if you guys feel
separately C for scammed. We are
entering the final video of the 2015 dog
era. Right around this time, it's
Christmas time. The folks who reached
out offering me a job in Los Angeles to
help them make Hearthstone stuff. It
actually pans out. I signed a contract.
I'm going to go to Los Angeles for 3
weeks. They're going to put me in a
hotel in Hollywood and I'm going to help
them with their shows. I have no idea
what that means, but that's locked in.
And I'm like, "Oh my god, I made it. I
did something. I found a new career. I
have a path." The final video I make is
this one.
Now, this song is a huge meme,
so I edited it. [music]
This sucks. No, it does not. It's a meme
song. All right, so it goes on. I forget
how it ends. And I've said this on
stream before, but one of the strange
things that came out of this is cynical
Brit here was a very influential and
popular YouTuber who around this time
was diagnosed with latestage cancer. And
uh a few months before he died, he
commented on this video, "Great, now I
have triple cancer." And then he died.
So that is the legacy of this video. It
did not kill him. To be clear, the
cancer was already there before. I feel
like this is D. It's D cuz like people
like this video. If you watched
Hearthstone videos back in the day, I
guarantee you heard this. Like this song
that I made and you probably had no idea
it was from me. Okay, at this point I
made it. I'm [__] out. I successfully
got out of programming. Now I go to Los
Angeles and I start working in esports
and for the next 3 years I am no longer
doing YouTube with most of my time. I am
working on shows and running Hearthstone
events. And I've talked about this in
the past. So while learning how to
produce events and working very very
very hard, there's periods [music] where
I spent some of my free time making
videos. The first I forget like maybe
like a year into living in LA, I made
Cororbjorn Techno. Surely because
Overwatch is popular. If I do the exact
same thing, my Overwatch video will also
be popular.
So, I made a Overwatch remix that is
actually like pretty good, I think. But
this was very much me like trying to
appeal, you know?
>> It's like, "Oh, what do the people like
right now? What's popular?" Now, I will
say this video never got any attention.
No one cared. It has I mean now it has
51,000 but at the time it had no views.
I believe that the quality of the song
is pretty good. I'm not saying that it's
like your favorite song necessarily, but
I think the production is actually quite
good. No, this one's bad. Okay, but
listen to the breakdown. Hold on.
>> OH, LET'S BREAK IT DOWN.
>> He said, "Oh, let's break it down."
That's how you know we're about to
listen to a sick ass beat. I think this
is really well done, but it's just not
special. Like, I would maybe put this in
F. I would say D cuz it's wellmade. I
think the quality of the production is
actually pretty good, but there's
nothing creatively interesting about it.
I don't think it's very competent and
this is like a classic, you know, early
content creator type of thing. Like when
people are trying to figure out their
style that they make a thing that's very
competent, but it doesn't feel unique.
Like there's nothing there really. So,
all right, let's move on. Fraud Squad.
So, while I'm now living in Los Angeles
doing a new career, learning, I still
want to make stuff and eventually I'll
probably get back into YouTube. So then
I try when I'm playing PUBG with my
friends every night. This was a
10-minute compilation of like, you know,
decent clips. They're fine, but I was
trying to like edit music and see like
could I make it into something funny?
>> Holy [__] Okay, I'm jumping. [laughter]
>> Doug,
>> where are we going? Where are we going?
[screaming]
>> Doug,
>> damn it, Doug.
>> Yeah, it was just like little goofy
gaming moments. So this was like the
video is fine. It was another like
competent thing that wasn't that
interesting on its own. Nobody cared
about it at the time that I put it out,
but it was me starting to mess with can
I like have funny little mini adventures
with people and make it interesting. I
don't know. F D. It's probably D to be
honest. F is like it's aggressively kind
of bad. This isn't bad. It's It's like
well made. It's just not that exciting.
Okay. Uh so this is again this is all in
the era where I am like working
full-time as an esports producer. I am
not doing YouTube. But then Hearthstone
put out a post for people who wanted to
try to be casters. And I had for a while
thought I would want to be like a
Hearthstone commentator. So I just threw
this together in like a day and I
thought it was funny. This is only going
to be funny if you watched a lot of
Hearthstone, but I just tried to make
like the worst Hearthstone audition I
could possibly do. Let's dive into this
game. Now Azimo got a vulgar homunculus.
So it looks like this is a Reena Warlock
versus Quest Rogue. As going to start
off, he'll play a Gulf Shire footman. So
he manages to effectively use all one of
his mana. [laughter] Okay. All right. So
Andrezy plays a card here.
>> None of this is mind games in the
beginning of a match like this. These
cards are all fake. None of these cards
actually do anything. It's about making
yourself look big. You try to intimidate
your opponent like a praying mantis. I
think there's look some videos I've made
over the years is where I just get in a
weird mood and I just sit and write for
like an hour and I'm like, "This is the
dumbest [__] ever." And then I just turn
it into a video. This was one of those
things. And I This one makes me laugh.
It This was a video that was literally
for nobody but me. This is like a Doug
video. Now it's TJ's turn. Looks like
he's gonna life
tap
>> and uh and play a glacial shard.
>> This is when I am running events where
Blizzard lectures the people at the
event how we need to be more
professional and nice [laughter] and I
submitted this to them as an
application. So here Andre is going to
play the gumbotron and attack into the
Hercules and the wa he doesn't even
clear the bumilus. That is a huge
misplay. That is easily the worst play
I've seen this game. Doug, Doug, what do
you think of that? Well, it was a big
misplay, Doug. Big misplay. That's one
of the worst plays you could make.
Awful. Awful play. Easily the worst play
I've ever seen. The worst.
>> I would take that [__] on that. That's
not like that. I do not like that,
[laughter]
>> dude. This one holds up. I'm going to be
honest. That's very I think that was
funny. I think that was genuinely very
funny. I honestly think this might be S.
I think that's so funny. As long as you
guys agree it's S and I'm not like, you
know, inflating my ego here. I think
that one's quite funny. All right. Um,
look, I have great news for the people
who do not like Hearthstone. We are
officially out of the Hearthstone era.
While this is going on in the background
in 2018, I I've been working for Tempo
Storm and I have developed a new style
of content, Doug Dug Challenges. I
figured out my style and I was not
planning I was actually going to skip
everything before this to where it be I
renamed the channel and it became Doug
Doug. But actually, that was really fun
going back through all of these there.
Like each one of these videos, if you
can't tell, have deep emotional weight
at a very, very transformative period of
my life. Whereas, you know, a random
video from 2024 is like not as
emotionally intense. So, I've created my
new style. This is the Doug Doug channel
update. So, again, as a reminder, at
this point, I had like 9,000 YouTube
subscribers. Nobody really watches my
videos. I just been posting weird memes
every like seven months. So, then I
rebrand Doug Doug. I haven't watched I
don't know what this sounds like. I'm
Doug or Glutus and I wanted to make a
just really quick channel update video
because I'm actually gonna start posting
things here regularly again, which I'm
really excited about. I would rather rip
off my own balls than watch me talk like
this. F tier. Here's why I don't like
it. Okay, many of you have noticed and
will notice shortly that with the old
Doug Dug videos, I sound very subdued. I
talk like this, almost like I'm not that
interested. And I'm just kind of doing
this. And there's two reasons for that.
I launched the Doug Doug channel. Can
you beat Mario Bros 1 with only voice
commands? Hey, welcome to Doug Dug,
where we solve problems that no one has.
The very first one. So, today I tried to
beat the original Super Mario Brothers
using only voice commands. I wasn't
actually sure how hard this would be.
Why do I sound like I don't care, you
ask? For two reasons. One is because I
genuinely thought and think it's funny
that later on as I'm describing the
actual strategy of what you should do
while playing this that it's funny to be
like, "Yeah, anyways, you should do
this." like it's like I'm a bored person
in like an HR video describing how
something should work. But probably the
bigger reason is because if you act like
you don't care in a video, people can't
criticize you as much and be like this
is cringy and dumb. It's just this like
self-defense mechanism cuz you don't
you're not confident and you're you're
scared of push back and you don't want
it to look like you're trying because
that's cringey. This is why I would
never go back to this style because now
I like am confident in my creative voice
and I'm not insecure like I was at this
point still. Is this still interesting
of a video? Has anybody watched this
recently? I feel like it's not. This is
a time capsule from back when I was
starting.
>> You're lumping. No. Stop. Stop. Rump.
Rump.
>> God. Yeah, it's fine. I You know, it has
3.6 million views. It was crazy. So,
context. None of the videos that we're
talking about yet were successful. I put
them out and I would lose subscribers
every time I put out a video. Okay,
these were not successful at the time.
Later, they would like gain a shitload
of views, but at the time it was
failing. I feel like it's D, maybe C.
And we're going to need to speed up, but
okay, we're doing Ctier. Here's my
second attempt at a gaming challenge.
This one I thought was funny. It's
basically the same.
>> My all-time favorite thing in Zelda
games is the chicken attack Easter egg.
And that's if you attack a chicken
enough times in the game, they will
swarm you and attack back.
>> This is definitely a video that builds
up to one joke,
>> which is like the whole video has been
building up.
>> Yes.
>> So, there you have it. six easy steps to
killing Alol using chickens in Breath of
the Wild. So, it definitely is possible
to pull this off. And in total, it took
me a little under 3 hours from start to
finish of like actually making it
happen. Um, but frankly, this is not a
good use of your time.
I thought that was a pretty funny joke
ending this whole thing with that. I
think that's a funny I think this graph
of saying and there you go, six easy
steps. I think those are both pretty
good jokes. Is that worth the seven
minutes of watching it? Maybe, maybe
not. But this felt like, okay, the the
style that I'm doing, it's starting to
kind of click and this is obviously
still very gaming challenge focused and
I'm not incorporating my viewers yet.
I'm still not streaming and my channel
is still not successful at all. I would
probably put this at B. It's solid. It's
not bad. It's B. It's solid. Yeah, it's
good. It's, you know, good good video.
Can you skydive across World of
Warcraft? This is one like I just love.
>> This is so representative of the types
of things I like to do in video games. A
little bit to the little bit to the
right.
[__]
>> When I was a kid, my favorite part of
World of Warcraft was playing skydiving.
I think what I like about this video is
it really is this is what I love doing
with friends and I managed to turn it
into like a fun adventure. Like there's
a part that's edited with cool music.
This is also when I'm starting to get
like good at editing with music.
>> Oh, nice. Nice shot.
I'm going to hit I'm going to hit it.
You hit the spike.
>> I think I'm going to hit the spike.
>> Oh. Oh my god. Oh, that's brutal.
I might be good. I think you're hitting
that rock.
>> No. No. No. No. Dude, I [__] aced
this.
No. No. [screaming]
[laughter]
>> I don't know if like people liked it
that much. I don't think it's the most
entertaining video. Like I like it a
lot. I It's probably B something like
that. I don't think that many people
were like, "Oh, this is an awesome
video." But to me, it represented
figuring out my style. Okay, I haven't
watched this since I posted it. I don't
know what this is. So, if you're like
me, I [__] love Skyrim. It's a great
game, but it's not partic.
I took 3D glasses from a movie theater
and punched out the lenses and wore them
cuz I thought it would be funny to look
more like Scholastic and serious. And I
was right. That is funny. So, I found a
mod online called Here There Be
Monsters. And the whole idea is that
they put nine of these huge, super
powerful monsters out into the world.
And my absolute favorite one of them is
Carinos, who is a giant mud crab. He's
got voice acted lines. So, he taunts you
while he's fighting you, and he's
really, really difficult. I feel like
this is a good example of stuff that was
funny at the time. This is in the early
era of gaming challenges. Most content
on YouTube at this point was like people
playing League of Legends. It's let's
players. It's people doing daily vlogs.
Like this is the period where people
just churned stuff out and was all about
watch time. You didn't have like
specific kind of joke videos. And so at
the time this was very unique. And it's
funny because looking back this is the
most mellow [__] ever. Bear counter 75.
That's not That's so mild compared to
the stuff I've done.
And there we go. Okay. You know what I
mean? It's like interesting. So it just
takes about 75 bears in total. So you
know it definitely is doable. Um, a lot
of these are very tedious. They take a
long time, but I do think it's all worth
it for that delicious crab meat.
Uh, this one's fine. I don't know. This
Okay, this video represents to me, I
think, one that people think is fun and
in like I don't really care that much
about it. I would put this in D. All
right. C for crap. Next one. More story.
This will speed up as I stop needing to
give lots of context. In the later Doug
Doug videos, it's just like, haha, wacky
idea. This is still at the early phase
where there's like a lot of context to
everyone. This is can you beat Skyrim
fast travel with unlimited run speed.
This is a video where it all builds up
to one joke which is to me very funny.
And I did something in this video which
is that I intentionally decided to make
it extra stupid in a way that I thought
was funny knowing that a bunch of people
would find it really dumb and think it's
cringey. And this was the video where I
accepted I am going to just do what I
think is funny instead of trying to be
like cool like I'm not trying that hard.
And so I put really dramatic music on
and I used a more dramatic voice and all
of it was dramatic feeling and it
started like this was the video where I
was like, "Okay, I like that. I like
leaning into like a vibe and just owning
it and not pretending like I don't even
care." Players, you use the fast travel
system in the game to go as fast as
possible from one place to another. But
what if I told you that there might be
an even faster way to travel? What if
the actual fastest way [music] to travel
was by running? You see, in Skyrim, you
can modify dramatic with the music. So,
this whole thing is building up of like
here's all these strategies you need to
take. So, it turns out this mountain
path does not work because at some point
you'll need to jump off the mountain and
then there's no river to land in and you
just die. But I did learn a very
important technique here. If you jump
off a mountain and then fly back into
the mountain at the same height, the
game thinks that you haven't fallen at
all. This means that you can traverse
along a mountain or a cliff without
taking fall damage. I call it a strategy
to allow mountain navigation. In and of
itself, this would not be very useful.
But if I combined the strategy to allow
mountain navigation with the path over
obstacles to the river valley from
earlier, this gave me a poo stain that
was the secret to skidding into
Markarth.
It's all a poop joke. And I distinctly
remember writing this and just like
being almost in tears laughing at how
stupid it was. And I was like, I can't
put this in the video. This is way too
dumb. There's going to be so many people
who are like, dude, you're a [__]
cringe lord. This is so lame. And I
remember this being the video that I
said, "You know what? [__] it. I'm just
gonna try doing what I think is funny."
This ended up being one of the videos
that kicked off my channel. And people
regularly cited this as the video that
made them go like, "Oh, I want to watch
more of this person." This video
represents the point at which I said, "I
want to unapologetically be myself and
do what I think is funny. Even though a
lot of people will hate it, the people
who like it are going to think it's
really, really [__] funny." And that
is what happened. So this video is like
really important to me. I don't even
think it's that good of a video, but
it's like a super important change at
which point I started just leaning into
whatever and I just like went for it,
man. But I love this video for that
reason. Okay, got to start going faster.
Next up, uh oh [__] I remember this
one. This is still in my experiment
phase. So, I'm like trying all these
different things, right? And so, I was
like, what if I try to like really lean
into the teacher aspect? So, I did this
green screen stuff that was terrible and
I think I was like talking to myself or
something, right? Find out if you can
watch every mini boss in Breath of the
Wild using only a horse. Now, horses,
obviously, you just normally use them
for travel, but they can actually damage
enemies. They'll kick enemies if they're
standing by themselves, or you can
gallop into enemies on horseback. But I
wanted to know if you could kill the
mini bosses from start to finish using
only a horse. Anyway, it seems funny.
Like, you know, it's like creatively,
it's it's an interesting idea that I
don't remember panning out really.
>> Oh my god.
Kill the lion with the horse. That's
cool. Yeah. I don't know. Cool idea. I
don't remember if it's very interesting.
I would put this deep, man. I I would
put it here. This was fully I am
experimenting with a thing just to see
if it works. Okay, this one is pretty
funny. I'm going to be honest. I think
this is a really good video. I forgot
about this. But this one got a lot of
attention. This one is outside of the
like normal Doug sphere. There's like
random people who have seen this.
>> For 4 years, Blue Apron has
revolutionized home cooking by sending
fresh ingredients directly to your door.
And today, we [music] are proud to
announce our new Zelda inspired fall
menu. Now you can follow the original
cooking recipes from Breath of the Wild
using our own farm fresh ingredients
shipped right to your door. [music]
Let's take a look.
>> As you will see, this is not actually
>> the tough fish and mushroom skewer. It's
a staple dish in Zelda cooking and gives
you a defensive boost after eating. The
recipe calls for two armored carp and
three Hilian mushrooms.
I think you guys know because I commit
to the bit. This is boiling water. This
is not I'm not doing this safely.
>> The golden brown carp pairs with pearls
of mushroom for a tangy sweet contrast
and a bit of crunch in every bite. Blue
aprons, mushrooms, and carp
familyun farms for maximum freshness.
So, you can't resist taking just one
more bite.
>> So, that owl is sincere. I had burn
marks on my body for like a week.
>> Blue apron, discover what's cooking.
>> That's my one regret. I've say this
unironically. I regret this line because
you know why that line is in there? is
because I wanted to protect myself
against negative comments so I could be
like, "Yeah, isn't it stupid, guys?" I
should have just owned it. I was like,
"This is too much." And I put this line
in and I shouldn't have this line.
There's like three or four videos that
end with like, "Sorry, this was stupid."
Blah, blah, blah. It's like, "Just
[__] own it, old dog. What are you
doing? Come on." I think this is an S. I
think this is this is a great video. I
think it's hard to argue that it's not
an S. Like, if you're here in my stream,
presumably you enjoy my humor, and this
is like my humor amped up to like an 11
out of 10. Okay, standard Doug Dug
challenge. I don't remember what this
what the the vibe is here,
dude. Dude, just [__] own it. All
right, just own it. What are you doing?
It took another like 6 months or
something for me to just own it. You
don't have to protect yourself against
cringiness, okay? Just People are going
to think you're cringe or not. I hate
this. It's like I know how insecure I
was, [laughter]
you know what I mean? It just takes
time, you know? But anyway, uh I was
blindfolded. I played Mario. I don't
know that there's too much to say here.
I think
>> All right, you're on.
>> We use Oh, this is blue line
instrumental.
>> Left taps. Left taps. left taps feel
like D or something.
>> Hold hard right. Hard hard right. WE DID
IT. WE ARE WE IN? YEAH.
>> HOLY [screaming] [__]
>> OKAY. I YEAH, real quick. I think D.
It's fine, but I don't think there's
anything special about it. Unlike this
next one. As a reminder, at this point,
I have about 10,000 subscribers, but
only a couple hundred views per video.
And then I put out this. And we are
watching this full thing, and everybody
needs to turn their volume up to 100%.
Hello, I'm Doug, and today I'm going to
be doing some ASMR.
>> [music]
>> ASMR can create a tingling sensation.
Tapping on the microphones [laughter]
>> can really trigger [groaning]
[clears throat]
sorry trigger the ASMR [laughter]
reaction.
>> It's so good.
>> I don't care if you think it's gross.
It's It's funny.
[laughter]
Why would you be clipping scissors?
I don't know about you guys, but I find
ASMR very calming. [groaning]
[laughter]
>> Brushing an egg with a tooth. This can't
go an S, but this is one. This was a
Doug video. This wasn't for you guys.
This was for me. It can't go an S. It's
B for burp. We're moving on. Okay. All
right. All right. Explain with food. Big
shift. At this point, I'm like four or
five months into round two of trying
YouTube. I'm burning through my savings.
I've fully quit my job at this point.
These things that I've been trying,
while they're quite funny and
retroactively were popular, at the time,
nobody's watching them. My views go down
every single video. And then I was like,
I need to try something completely
different. So, I tried something
completely different. And I spent like 2
or 3 weeks putting together weird pieces
of art. And I took a picture of a bell
pepper in my kitchen, like it was just
in the fridge. I got some eyeballs off
Shutter Stock and I tried to do a
scripted video. And that was Hearthstone
versus Artifact. I think deciding
between Hearthstone and Artifact is a
lot like deciding what you're going to
cook for dinner. When you play
Hearstone, it's like you go to your
girlfriend and you say, "Tonight, babe,
I'm cooking you grilled chicken." And
just like Hearstone, the awesome thing
about grilled chicken is it's a super
consistent recipe to make. You put in
the chicken first, then you add
seasoning, then you jam it to the face.
And you follow this recipe and it always
tastes great. Obviously, it doesn't
always taste exactly the same. Maybe you
add extra seasoning or you use higher
heat to tech against salmonella, but
fundamentally
simple recipe here. This is the same
thing that makes Hearthstone so
enjoyable to play for people. With some
rare exceptions, every game of
Hearthstone follows the same fundamental
recipe. Take the board, you build the
board, you hit the face. And just like
grilling a chicken, the flavor of each
game will always be a little different.
You can add your preferred cards or do a
slower cook or whatever, but you still
follow the same high-level recipe every
time you play. Whereas Artifact is like
going to your girlfriend saying,
"Tonight, babe, I'm going to make you a
three course meal, grilled chicken and
fried chicken and chicken salad at the
same time." time. Now, you're thinking
to yourself, "This is three times the
amount of food. This is going to be a
lot harder." But then your girlfriend
says, "All right, Doug, but I want you
to start with 40 ingredients and five
different chickens with four colors of
seasoning and buy new spices from the
secret farmers market, and I'm going to
throw vegetables randomly in all three
pans every round. And two of those three
dishes better taste amazing or I'm
breaking up with you." Yeah, it's good.
It's well made. You know, how did it
end? And I end up feeling nourished and
full after every meal that I play.
Therefore, I am proud to present both
Hearthstone and Artifact with my highest
possible review. three Michelin hot
dogs.
I think this was good. I think it's
pretty good. But yeah, I made this and
then it went on the artifact Reddit and
got a lot of attention there and so it
got like a couple hundred more views
than my previous videos, but it didn't
like [music] do that well. So then I
went home for the holidays and then I
opened up YouTube like a couple days
later and it had 10,000 views instead of
800. I was like, what what just
happened? And then suddenly the next day
it had like 30,000 views and then 40,000
and then 50 and it suddenly became
100,000 views over a couple days. And
again, as a reminder, for 5 months or
whatnot, I've been trying to make it on
YouTube and my videos are all just
trending downward. And then this one
pops for some reason. It's just like
crushed. Like, oh my god. So, I got
100,000 views and it got me like a,000
subscribers or something like that. And
so, I was like, oh my god, this is it.
There's potential here. And that led to
Overwatch versus TF2. But what I don't
know, what do you guys vote on this one?
I would say it's like C. It's good. I
think it misses some of the magic of the
later ones, but it's, you know, it's the
first attempt at like this style that
basically defined the channel for a
while. Okay, Overwatch first TF2. So, I
have a little bit of success with the
Hearthstone Artifact thing, and I was
like, "Okay, I'm going to try this one."
Like my favorite game of all time, TF2.
I put like three or four weeks into this
one. I There's a lot of effort into this
one, and I think it's just like a more
polished and thoughtful, funny version.
TF2 is like making dessert. Playing
Overwatch is like you're baking a
gourmet cake. There's six of you. You're
in a kitchen together and every chef has
one specific cake.
>> And these videos take the tanks in the
flour, then the DPS's add the sugar and
the eggs and the oil. Then the supports,
add the baking soda and the chocolate
that brings it [music] all together. All
six chefs here must work in combination
to nail this recipe. And if they do,
this cake will be one of the best you've
ever eaten. That's Overwatch. Team
Fortress 2 is like eating a candy bar.
Candy bars just taste great on their
own. Like you don't need any other foods
to make a Snickers taste good. But okay,
let's say you're eating a Snickers and
then you see two other guys eating TF2
candy bars and so you say to them, "Hey,
let's team up. Let's merge our candy
bars into one super dish and they're
like, "Yeah." So you throw in your
Snickers and that guy throws in dem. And
he throws in a meta cookie and that guy
adds Hershey's.
>> Well, then it just tastes like a big
chocolatey mess.
>> This video I posted the first couple
days it didn't do well and then oh my
goodness, I noticed something on
YouTube. I open it up. This video has
like 50,000 views out of nowhere. And
then like a couple hours later it has
100,000 views. And then a couple hours
later it has like 300,000 views. And I'm
like, whoa, what the [__] is happening?
And not only does this video start to
pop off, there's a couple other ones
that also do it. Zelda cooking starts to
pop off. Can you beat Skyrim Fast Travel
with unlimited run speed starts to pop
off and Mario Bros. 1 with voice
commands start to pop off. Those four
are suddenly getting hundreds of
thousands of views every day. Over the
next week, they get up to like 1 to
three million each. Again, I'm going
from like a couple hundred views a
video. Within a week, it is suddenly a
million plus on those three. And all of
the others start to grow and get big.
So, all the other ones that I had posted
up till now that we've been laughing at
or whatever, no one gave a [__] about
these videos. And then they started to
grow like crazy. And over the course of
like 5 days, I was just like checking my
subscriber count going like, "Oh my
god." And it just kept going up. And
then I hit 100,000 subscribers. I'm
pretty sure it was like on my birthday
and I was like, "Holy [__] I did it."
It took 5 years, whatever it was. I
tried, as you guys have seen, so many
different things and put in so much time
and so much effort. And this one,
Overwatch versus TF2, cracked the code,
and then made YouTube promote everything
else. And it was like the greatest
moment of my life. Unironically, it was
the proudest I'd ever been. And I still
view that as like the most important
moment of my life. And it's why the
100,000 subscriber plaque means a lot to
me on YouTube. I don't care about 1
million. That 100,000 that was the
moment that like all this persistence
for literally years paid off. I had
decided by this point internally that no
matter what happened, I would never ever
quit. And once I internally made that
decision and was like, I will not be
dictated by what the world says. I'm
going to do this no matter what. I will
work odd jobs. I am not going to quit.
And once I decided that, like the next
week, my channel blew up. It was poetic.
This video means a lot to me. So, I
don't know, maybe Dtier. The thing is, I
don't even know if the video is that
good. I mean, you guys can tell me
otherwise. I think it's a good video.
It's not like my favorite. I don't go
re-watch it or anything, but it
represents I mean, this is when Doug
Doug became a successful channel. It was
this video. From this point on, every
video I made got hundreds of thousands
of views. This is the thing that changed
everything. this video, but I don't know
if that means it's s like it's not one
that I think is like particularly funny,
but I think it's at least a like top of
a. I think it's an important video that
doesn't hold up in the same way others
do. Okay, next up, more explained with
food. So, over the next year, I then
started mixing explained with food with
gaming challenge videos, and I was like
uncertain which one to focus on because
the gaming challenge videos take so much
less time. So, this was Red Dead versus
Zelda, and from what I remember, this
was really well done. It's kind of like
the open world is this huge delicious
cake and the music is just a dash of
whipped cream on top. It's delicately
placed. It's just enough to be
noticeable but not enough to overpower
the cake's flavor.
Whereas other games are like
[music]
>> Red Dead's graphics [laughter] is like
watching a fast. Yeah, see I think this
is a pretty good video. I think all the
explained with foods. I mean, I put a
ton of effort into them. So, like I feel
it's probably A, maybe B. These three
are all like important to me. I would
put tempo down here. Actually, let me
potentially rearrange this. I think this
needs to go down to B. These two are
like important moments of my life. These
three are like I think they're really
funny. Anyway, something like that. I
think this is fine as B. Okay, another
voice commands video. This was perfectly
fine. I think at this point voice
commands was like the thing that was
working in terms of my challenge
content. So, I, you know, did more of
it. Ground pound.
>> I don't know. Like B, C. Oh, this one's
not good. Yeah, standard. I'd say like C
or D. I think it's fine. I'd put it down
here. Probably D. I don't remember it
being very special. Okay, explain the
food. Smash Bros. Ultimate is the hot
new Smash.
>> This ended up getting a lot of
attention. Smash Balls are even more
insane. The first person to break a
Smash Ball receives godlike powers, so
it becomes the entire focus of the game
when one of them appears. It's just like
putting Carolina Reaper peppers on your
chicken. A pepper that's that hot
completely changes your eating
experience because now you're not
focused on the chicken or the spices or
the barbecue sauce. You are just trying
not to [__] die from this insane
spiciness. That was the most rewatched
thing. That wasn't even What are we
doing here? I don't understand why this
one was so popular. I thought it was
fine. I would put CD. I'm not saying
it's bad. I don't know. That's fine.
Okay. Mario Party explained with food.
This one is another one that builds to a
single joke, which I thought was very
funny and it was an ad. Oh my god, I
won. Yes, you did. And that means you
win the grand prize. A prize? Oh my god.
This prize is one of the greatest
inventions of our age. Yeah, I'm not
even kidding. This prize kicks ass.
Yeah, it's incredible. Yeah, it's a
30-day TRIAL OF AUDIBLE. YES, IT'S TIME
TO STOP BAKING cakes and flipping flat
[laughter] gas because there's never
been a better time to start listening.
>> This is like a twominute ad. It was
fine. I would I would say B or C. I
think it's well made for what it's
worth. This one This is another builds
up to a single joke vibe. Most
adventurers walk through the lands of
Skyrim without a care in the world. But
the truth is, the people of Skyrim are
suffering. In Whiterun alone, there are
dozens of citizens. Yet, most of them go
hungry or have hardly any food to get
them through tough times. I love the
videos like this that are like a parody
of a genre. In this case, you know, like
sad documentaries about animal shelters
or something. But to truly understand
these people's hunger, you have to see
it. So, today I'm going to show Austin,
>> I will show you every single piece of
food in the city of Whiterun so that you
can see with your very own eyes exactly
how little these people have to eat. And
then obviously the joke is I'm like
taking all the food and then the ending
I think is quite funny.
So this is all the food in Whiterun.
[music]
dozens of farmers, shopkeepers,
peasants, and soldiers, years of labor,
and it barely amounts to anything. Sure,
this could last them a few days, maybe
even a week. But if disaster happened, a
famine or war, there's simply not enough
for these poor [music] people to last.
[music]
No, no, no, no.
That's a pretty good joke. It's obvious.
You know what's going to happen for at
least a full minute leading up to it.
But I think the execution is very good
and it's very funny. I like this one a
lot. To me is like solid A tier. It's
not like all the way in. Also, one of my
favorite comments that I didn't realize
is I'm in the thing and there's no
point. I don't say a single thing the
entire time except for at the end being
like, "Oh shit." [laughter]
Like that's so funny to have a pointless
facecam. Oh, here's another interesting
one. Drive across GTA V using only my
voice. So, this one, you know, I'd been
doing some gaming challenges. Yeah. And
then I was like, "Ah, let me try with
GTA V." And I put out this video and it
I didn't think it was really, to be
honest, that different from any of the
other gaming challenge videos I had
done. And
>> Right.
>> I still don't know why.
>> I don't Okay, we're on the main dock.
>> Think it's that good of a video.
>> Right.
>> But this video popped off
>> Satan. Satan Satan
>> hard. I put this out and it was doing
fine at first and then a couple days
later it started getting like 400,000
views a day and it got to like 3 million
views in like a week. It was just going
crazy and my subs started like
skyrocketing as a result of this. And
what was interesting about this is at
the very end I had just started
streaming and I had like a 100 Twitch
viewers and then I plugged my Twitch
channel for the first time and this made
my views on Twitch go from like 100 to
like three or four or 500 I think. So,
this was like the start of like the
Twitch channel actually growing. Okay,
hold on. I genuinely want to hear your
vote. A mix of nostalgia, viewership,
whatever else. Like, what do you think
of this video? I haven't watched it in
full since it came out, but it is
objectively one of the most like
impactful videos of the channel. Okay, a
I'm good with that. Brought in a ton of
people and it kicked off GTA as like a
big focus obviously. Next, this kicks
off me messing with GTA V mods. I
remember this one being like, okay,
I was like trying to
No, no, no.
[screaming]
>> This is definitely classic Doug Dug.
>> After five and a half hours of training,
we were ready. So, this is going to be
like a category now, which is like Doug
Doug challenge videos that are just kind
of like solid. I feel like this one is
C. Like, it's, you know, it's decent.
There's nothing wrong with it. Next.
This one I think is pretty funny. I
think what's funny about this is I like
was bleeping out swear words.
[__] East. I don't care what you say.
Bleeping yourself constantly but then
doing it wrong
>> a lot of the time is really funny. No,
no, no, no, no. Oh my [__] god. It
just isn't censored. B. Maybe. I thought
that was funny. I like that. I made
myself giggle with that. A. Really? This
one's really good. I guess it is really
popular. Can an Uber driver survive
flying traffic? This is standard. The
only notable thing from what I remember
is that there's like a moment in the
intro of this that became like a Tik Tok
meme randomly like in early Tik Tok
days. This is still 2019. The traffic
here in Los Angeles
is really bad. [screaming] So, today we
find out, can you survive an Uber trip
during really, really bad Los Angeles
traffic? Yeah. So, I had friends send me
this thing. They're like, "Is this your
voice?" This was appearing in random
meme compilations on, you know,
Instagram or Tik Tok or whatever, which
was kind of random. Anyway, any uh any
beers in chat? I don't remember this
one. I thought this was like a C from it
was fine. A gez. Really? Up an A tier?
I'll give you B. Sorry, I don't care how
much you like it. This one's funny. That
being said, when I put it out, even
though I thought this was a really funny
scripted video, YouTube flagged it as
being about global warming and took it
out of the algorithm, so nobody saw it.
There was a big warning that it was
about global warming. It's not actually
[__] about global warming, Google.
Skyrim is a land of soaring landscapes
and vibrant nature. This country is home
to the world's most iconic plants and
animals. But in recent years, global
warming has started to affect and harm
so much of these animals habitats and
feeding grounds. Dragons, a powerful and
peaceful creature, they are an icon of
Skyrim's world. Gifted with flight,
dragons roam the land free from the
dangers below. Oh, god damn it. Bears.
Three dozen bears show up to hunt the
dragon. But guess what, [__]
Dragons can fly. You can't get him. God
damn bears. Mind your own [__]
business. I'm pretty sure I started this
video of like a challenge of like, can
you kill a dragon by spawning bears? And
then by the time I was through this, I
was like, I should just make it a
documentary or whatever. I also love the
idea that a guy narrating a nature
documentary would get upset at the
predators and be LIKE, "GET OUT OF HERE.
GOD DAMN IT." SO, please use the
hashtags the bears. And with enough
support and conservation efforts, we can
help the bear population recover in
Skyrim. And they can finally raise new
families and thrive again. Just as long
as they Oh, [__] Sonic. Sonic lunges at
the bears with razor sharp claws.
[laughter]
Dude, that's really funny. This shot of
me saying they're now only a tenth of
what they used to be, which is exactly
what they do at the end of nature
documentaries where they make you feel
bad about what's happening in nature.
>> [laughter]
>> while there's like thousands of bears. I
think that's one of my funnier jokes.
Honestly, I think that that's like maybe
an S for me personally. I don't think
the average person thought it only has a
million views, which is like one of the
worst performing in this whole era. But
for me, that's one of the funniest,
dude. I don't know if it can go. I feel
like it's probably an A. Oh, biking.
Okay, so this is more voice commands
with GTA V. This one also did really
well. Baja blast. Door lefto.
No.
Uh, I think this is just a solid gaming
challenge for the sake of speeding up.
BC. I don't know. What do people think?
Hold on. And now with these brand new
commands, hours of practice, plus a keto
protein shake, keto banana, keto
Japanese mochi, and keto buttermilk
pancake mix, [laughter] you're finally
in the best shape of your life.
>> Okay, never mind. It's going up. What
were we saying? B. That is funny. There
was some funny moments in here. It's
like a high B. I threw a terrible
birthday party puttery for a sea otter.
This is the start of the Rosa saga. Now,
if you've ever watched my live streams
on Twitch, you probably know that the
Monterey Bay Aquarium has five adorable
sea otterters on exhibit. And you can
actually watch a live stream of their
sea otterters online anytime you want.
And so, I started watching this sea
otter live stream on my Twitch channel
quite a lot cuz it's adorable. And then
during one of the live feeding sessions,
we heard the announcer say that Rosa is
the oldest otter at 19 years old. And
naturally, we fell in love with Rosa,
the oldest otter. And we actually DM'd
Monterey Bay Aquarium to ask when Rosa
was turning 20. 7 years later, we raised
a million half dollars for Monterey Bay
Aquarium, and it is all from this weird
random meme on stream. And then it
turned out her birthday was like a week
away on August 26th. So, on August 26th,
our Twitch community came together to
celebrate Rose's 20th birthday by
completing five otter related challenges
and then donating all the money raised
to Monterey Bay Aquarium. So, this is
the story of the best birthday party I
ever threw for a sea otter. Okay, so
particularly funny thing is at some
point we question whether we even have
the date correct. Right.
>> Typically, female sea otterters will
live 15 to 20 years and she turned 20
this month. So, she's
>> Do you get to the district?
[__]
>> Turn 20 this month. Oh, just incredible.
Just incredible.
>> She did say 20 this month. But yeah,
something awfully suspicious happened.
The announcer said that Rosa turned 20
this month.
>> She turned 20 this month.
>> Why would she say it like that if today
is Rosa's birthday? I hope we uh I hope
we got the right date.
>> Why would it be this dramatic? We
started combing through Monterey Bay
Aquarium's Twitter. Like, surely they
would have a birthday tweet that could
confirm the actual date.
>> Why? Why would it possibly be this
dramatic?
Oh [__] Our worst fears had come true.
In a tweet on August 1st, [music] 2018,
they wished Rosa a happy birthday. We
had missed her 20th birthday by almost 3
weeks. Guys, I I have bad news. We
missed Rose's birthday. [laughter] I
think a lot of people forget that this
all started with a weird pseudo drama
that we were creating about the right
date. This didn't start as like a super
intense charity. [laughter]
>> So, yeah. So, she was four weeks in
September when we rescued her. Uh, which
would make it Yep. Her birthday's today.
>> Her birthday's today. Okay, awesome. Uh,
yeah, that's great. We just wanted to
double check. So,
>> yeah, I can't confirm.
>> All right, awesome. Thank you very much.
I really appreciate it.
Oh my god, it is her birthday. Rosa, you
old son of a [__]
Yes, happy birthday, Rosa. Oh my god. If
anybody here was like there at the time,
I think it was like a couple hundred
people on Twitch and we raised $300. It
was just like random and weird and me.
And then the next year I was like, "All
right, we'll just do another one." And
then the next year it was like it became
$2,000 and it just became this
tradition. I think this could be S. This
is S or A to me. S or Riot. Okay, S
tier. Congratulations. If you guys feel
like it is that good, I'm down for it.
Now, we're in a weird little mini era. I
was kind of unclear about what I wanted
to do. And I was trying to find a way to
do explained with food that didn't take
like one to two weeks of writing scripts
and recording footage and then a bunch
of time editing. And so I was like, what
if I just do like news and I explain it
with food? First up on the news menu,
Nintendo's Switch Light recently
released cheaper version of the Switch.
Could I do like a weekly news?
And from what I remember, these were not
very good. So, an interesting thing
about these, I'm going to group all
these together. These five, they're all
basically the same. I read a bunch of
news articles and then tried to like
rewrite it with food. I was kind of
inspired by the people who were doing
like daily or weekly gaming news, but
were like kind of funny. I think like
the Rooster Teeth folks were doing that
or the machinima people or whatever. And
people enjoyed it, but I felt like
something was kind of missing from
these. And then I asked my brother about
it and he was like, "Yeah, I mean,
they're they're you know, they're
they're good. I wouldn't personally go
watch it. It doesn't feel like as
unique, but you know, I think it's
solid." And there was something about
that. It wasn't that he was talking
[__] He was being honest and I asked
him for an honest opinion. But I
realized that each of these videos
became outdated immediately and I just
felt less proud of them of it being a
thing that I felt was very unique versus
I'm just rephrasing the news. So to me,
these are like honestly Fier. These are
not special to me at all. This was the
first mainstream Twitch plays thing.
Beat one level of Mario 64.
Dude, it was so interesting in the first
couple of these that I felt like I had
to reexlain what Twitch plays was every
time because again, this is way way the
only thing that people knew was Twitch
plays Pokémon, which was not even really
that well known on YouTube. So, I had to
like explain the concept in the next
like five videos that did this until
eventually I was like Twitch controls
the game and that was it. And I didn't
have to be like, "There's code blah blah
blah blah." Uh, anyway, I from what I
remember, this video was really good.
>> No one jumped. No one jumped. No [music]
one jumped. No one jumped. We're in it.
We're in it. Oh my god, you [__]
Oh my god, it's been three hours. I feel
like I remember this video being really
funny, but I don't remember why. I think
people like it. It's the first Twitch
plays. Yeah. Is it A? Really? I mean, A
are some of my favorites. Yeah, you
could put in a cuz it's similar to this
video. This one was the first Twitch
plays and it got a lot of people
interested in coming to my Twitch
channel to watch Twitch plays content.
The ancients. Can Twitch be a single
where we solve Chinese military problems
that no one has? What [laughter] is that
opening? What? Hey, this is Doug Doug,
where we solve Chinese military problems
that no one has. Today, 200 people tried
to beat the big Yoshi level in Super
Smash Bros. Melee by control.
>> What does this have to do with Chinese?
What?
>> Ganondorf 100%.
[screaming] Oh. Oh my god.
[laughter]
The supreme art of war is to subdue the
enemy without fighting. Son,
[__] zoo.
So this was back in the era where I
since I was personally editing
everything, I would always try to have
like not just a Bplot. This is the era
where it was like there was the
challenge that happened and then I would
make a theme that interwo through the
whole video that was like edited in with
voice over and whatnot. And over time
that Bplot turned into weird [__]
with Twitch chat and they kind of
replaced each other. But this is back
when every video I was like what is like
a really weird theme to this that I can
slowly build? And this one I guess was
Sunzu. I don't know. I was probably like
C or D. This is I feel like generic fun
game challenge. All right, speeding up.
Pokemon Sword and Shield. I love this
one. I don't have too much to say about
it. I put myself in a pot. Cinema. I
really wish that the battles weren't
entirely decided by what type the two
Pokemon are. I wish I had a reason to
use all of those cool weird utility and
debuff moves. I wish that Hot Pockets
didn't burn the roof of my mouth. But
ultimately, I just have to accept that
Pokemon's creative vision is to be all
about tight matchups. And I have to
accept that Hot Pocket's creative vision
is to burn the roof of my mouth. Even
though these were not the most popular
explained with food by a wide margin. It
wasn't like the cartoon characters and
whatnot. And it wasn't like a video
essay really as much. It was just this
like kind of strange series of jokes. I
really like these. I would put them in B
or A probably. Doug's top Twitch clips
of 2019. You know what? I have also not
watched this in a very long time. Let's
just get a vibe.
[laughter]
[music]
>> What in THE
>> HIS NAME IS JOHN C.
WHAT IN THE [__] was going on?
[laughter]
>> This is what it feels like to join
midream. I just got a haircut. That's
probably what you're noticing.
>> Something epic
stuff
over here.
>> Happy birthday, [music] dear Roso.
[singing]
>> He's skilled in plan leadership. He's
skilled in operations management and
supply chain roles. Are you kidding me?
He has it all.
>> I'm not going to show you my feet and
I'm I really don't know why that's a
request.
>> I'm not playing this up for content
right now. I have do not remember what
in the [__] any of this was. So, we
should take the Doug Doug stream and
push it to Pornhub.
Yeah, I was way [laughter]
in 2019. Damn. Best of 2019 kind of
banged. That's up. That's like maybe B
or something. It's not A tier, but
there's some really funny moments in
that. I'm putting in B. Let's try to
speed up. I got two and a half hours.
Which Skyrim City can fight the most
bears? The one thing that was notable
about this is I was still trying to
figure out at this point if I could
combine explained with food with gaming
challenges. And so this was my attempt
where I would edit a gaming challenge
that I did and then put food analogies
in it.
Skyrim. We have to go even further
beyond. The Halloween are landing. [__]
There's so many.
>> And that's how you bake cookies. I hope
this was informative. Yeah, this one
this one did pretty well. I think this
is nice, solid, very fun. This is
probably like B something. Okay, next
one. This was still me experimenting.
Can I mix explained with food and gaming
challenges together? Welcome back to
Doug Doug's cooking class. As many of
you know, my mom was Guy Fiery. And last
night, mom called me and said, "Doug
Doug, I'm dying." And I said, "No, mom."
And he said, "Doug, I didn't learn
enough in life. There's so many more
things to learn, and you've got to use
your food expertise to learn the
people." Goodbye, son. Goodbye, Mom. I
shed a single tear. But Mom Fiori was
right. We have got to learn more. So, I
promise you on this channel, we will
learn harder and faster than ever
before. We will [music] learn things
that no one else is willing to learn.
We're going to learn so much it's going
to hurt, but we're going to keep on
learning because learning is more
important than pain. Today's lesson is
how to break Skyrim's intro in 10
different ways using only the console
commands.
>> This is wild. Um I I do kind of want to
go back and watch this. Join us next
week [music] when we learn the precise
diameter of Aldwine's anus, which makes
sense because [laughter]
all I don't [__] know, man. I don't
know. This is weird as hell. Uh seems
like maybe C. I don't remember it being
that good. Can Twitch chat fly an
airplane?
>> Hello and welcome to American Airlines.
>> This is my friend Cleo again who voiced
this one. This video popped off really
hard. I remember it being 9 million
views. Holy [__] And it's Twitch chat
controlling an airplane, right? And then
we just like themed it in a really like
crazy way.
>> We have reached our destination. Thank
you for flying American. Please remain
in your seats until the fasten seat belt
sign has turned off.
>> Yeah. You know, see a really sure if you
say so. Seems like the consensus. All
right. This one is insanely popular.
Everyone knows that the original Mario
games are like a tortilla. They taste
great, but they are flat and
two-dimensional. But legendary Mexican
chef Shagirro Miiamoto believed that a
tortilla could be so much more. So he
spent years developing a spread of brand
new flavors and then did something
crazy.
A lot of fart noise. Miiamoto had
invented the burrito. He had invented 3D
gaming. It's interesting. You can kind
of see the way this series explained
with food developed where it was like it
started with like lots of graphics and
it's basically a video essay and then it
started to become more like rapid fire
jokes and at this point it's like a
donkey video basically. But back in
Mexico that's the that's my favorite
joke. Okay, people seem to like this one
a lot. I'm cool with S. I to me this
isn't an S. It's like an A. I thought it
was really funny. All right, a lot of
you guys are saying S. I'll do S. It is
one of the most popular videos
objectively, so I guess it makes sense.
Poop Pl. This is my favorite video that
I have made on this channel. I will let
you watch it if you haven't watched it
before. I believe the funniest thing
I've ever done as a content creator is
the joke where after 15 minutes of
buildup, I did the only thing I could. I
organized a full public trial on Twitch
with over 500 witnesses and selected
nine random jury members from the public
who will evaluate the evidence presented
and objectively determine once and for
all, is it poop? To me, this video is a
buildup to one joke.
>> The first 8 minutes is just a normal ass
video and I thought it would be really
funny if the video devolves into
something else that's was not related to
the original premise and it does that
right and that became a kind of staple
of my channel. This is like the first
one where I really leaned into it. But
it all builds up to this joke. The
original sound is poop but with an L
[music] sound. The sound during
Horville's blood curling was delayed to
be in between B and O. thus creating an
L sound. Us Americans don't like how the
British use their T, so we changed it to
better sup. Oh yeah, and we beat that
voice command challenge.
>> Slow.
Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my
god. Oh my god. Oh my god. It took 5
hours and it [__] happened.
Great job. Nobody cares. Anyways, now
the plug lawyers presented their case.
Proper nouns such as name cannot be
changed. That moment where I say great
job, nobody cares to me to the thing
that took eight hours on stream or
whatever the [__] it was. There's
something about it like all is very
funny. This video has a lot of good
moments, but like that to me is the
funniest thing I've ever created. I
still feel that. I felt it when I made
it. I love this video. This to me is
like ultraesque. It is literally number
one. I also think cuz this is still the
era where I edit everything myself. I
think it's the best editing I did as
well. Like I think this video is like
perfect. It's just like so [__]
deranged. Like the ending, I spent like
an hour on the end credit.
>> Shocking unanimous decision. All nine
jury members voted Pl. So officially in
the 1986 episode of Star Wars Ewoks, the
character's name,
>> Dude, I is Pl.
>> I had to spend hours finding Star Wars
music from Star Wars video games that
didn't get claimed on YouTube. not like
the decision. I may still believe it's
[music] poop, but god damn it, I love
democracy. And at least the people were
the ones to make the decision, not just
one man. And now my fellow poop
loyalists and I will take our leave and
admit defeat.
At least until my White House petition
to legally change the name to Pooh gets
100,000 signatures. You may have won
this round, Paul Deany, [music] but I'll
be back in episode two, Return of the
Poo.
Chef's kiss. Love it. [music] It's one
of few, like very few videos that I can
look back and I'm like, that is perfect.
I wouldn't change a thing. I would not
change a single thing. Can't say that
about many videos, but that one I would.
This to me, number one, S tier. [__]
love that [__] man. Oof. Oh. Oh, this
one. Oh my god. This is the alphabet
crew video. Dude, I think this is like
the strongest three videos in a row I
like ever did. It was poop pl into
alphabet crew into animal crossing
explained with food. Those are like
three very potent videos back toback. I
think all three of these are s. This was
like I think just a really well-made
interesting Twitch chat thing that went
beyond just Twitch chat plays a game,
but it was like a really genuinely good
story. And then again like a lot of
music editing. Oh, it's beautiful. All
right, the scripts are going live. You
guys are live in 6 seconds the first GTA
5 and your lives. Go chat.
>> Alphabet grow.
>> For the most part, my Twitch
>> For the most part, my Twitch viewership
has actually not been like linear. It
doesn't just go up over time. Instead,
what happens is it's like flat and then
it jumps up based on a certain video.
>> Say that a single tier is down.
>> That's generally how it's worked. And so
this is another video like the voice
commands GTA 5 Jesus take the wheel one
where I posted this and instantly my
average viewership on Twitch went above
a thousand. Like this was another video
that like brought a ton of people to
Twitch.
>> Spun around in the air and then dove
straight for the lake. The one place
that would keep them safe and then
waited out the top.
>> I like this video. But people really
watch the ending. Is that a minute? Oh
my god. You beat him. [laughter]
>> Yeah, this is a good one. I think people
latched on to it or like felt something
from it like more than I was expecting
or personally felt. But like it became
very cool to see people and obviously A
crew and Z crew became a big big thing.
So this is meaningful to me less uh
because of the video and more because of
like the amount of like kind of memories
and fun times that spawned out of that.
You know what I mean? Like became
foundational to like the community for
multiple years. Okay, my S tier I'm
trying to think of greatest videos of
all time. Poo is number one for me. Then
maybe Alphabet Crew. I think this
Hearthstone casting video, while very
funny, should probably be an A tier. It
just doesn't really make sense to be up
here. This one is funny cuz it's
meaningful. Zelda Cooking, Rosa, also be
up there. And then this is like just a
fan favorite. These two, I think, are
are clearly the top of ass. Okay. And
then next, I did Animal Crossing
Explained with Coffee, which I thought
was awesome. This, to me, another one
where there's one moment that makes this
one [__] incredible where I just
think I did a really good job. But with
these flights, you have total freedom to
explore. You can come and go whenever
you want. You can literally fly
anywhere. You can go to a friend's
island, a random island, Harves Island,
an online island.
You know, you can actually only fly to
islands. There isn't an option to go
back to the city where you started the
game. What if I wanted to go home?
Like, I have a a mom. Can I visit her?
Wait a minute. Where are we? Are we in
the ocean somewhere? Tom Nook never said
there's literally no information about
where these islands are. I tried talking
to the dodos cuz they flew me here, but
there's no option to fly home. I called
that emergency service, but they only
fly you back to this island. There are
no boats. There's no train. Literally,
no one knows where we are. Tom Nook will
not tell you. Isabelle acts innocent. I
have no idea how to get back home. I I
tried writing a letter to my mom for
help, but she never replied. I think Tom
Nook is intercepting the mail. Is this
island some kind of sick business plan
to fly people here and cut them off from
the outside world? This isn't a cute
little coffee shop. It's not an island
getaway. This is a prison. It's an
illusion designed to trap people and
exploit them for permanent money and
labor propped up by a corrupt airline
and staff who all avoid answering the
REAL QUESTION, WHERE THE [__] are we?
How do I ESCAPE THIS ANIMAL PRISON? This
sick capitalist scheme. This island
prison is all architected. Okay, we
don't need to watch the whole thing. I I
think that is a very funny line. Then
the whole It just goes on and on and on.
I think I edited this very very well. I
think these three videos are like the
peak of my personal editing era. This is
an S for me. Like pretty hard ass. I'm
very proud of it. These three in a row.
This is back to back to back over 3
weeks. Okay, cool. How fast can you run
across GTA V? Damn, I was [__]
ripping during these couple months, man.
These are some good videos. I can't say
that about every era, but this is this
is a powerful era. This one really
funny. I think this is like a standard
gaming challenge, but just like had a
great vibe to it, and the ending was
very funny.
That was funny. I had funny.
>> Yeah, supersonic racing loading it up.
>> Here it is.
>> This could be S, but probably a
>> right there. It's not quite S, but it's
it's probably a
[screaming]
hit. Yes.
>> Even [music] further beyond.
>> I did it. We [__] it AND IT WAS
BEAUTIFUL. [screaming] I'M FULLY BURNED.
That one's for you, Amanda.
Ah, that's a funny That's a funny one. I
enjoy that. What a good wacky time.
Okay, I I think that's a cheese video.
I'm going to be honest. This is one of
my favorites. And I need to be clear. I
wrote all this with no help and it was
not AI. AI didn't exist back then. The
entire thing is a Christmas poem that
rhymes. Gather around, my dear
listeners, for this is the story of how
Santa Claus saved Skyrim's Christmasy
glory. It all started when Santa had an
idea, you see, instead of presents this
year.
>> I think I'll give Skyrim cheese. Dozens
and hundreds and thousands of cheese. I
think the order of this was first I did
a stream where 10 cheese wheels spawn
every second. And then afterwards, for
some reason, I was like, can I turn this
into a Christmas carol? And then it like
this edit just like deviates from what
happened on stream. And then there's
this segment, which I think is one of
the most cinematic that I that has
happened. Hopped back on Rudolph, his
trusty old steer, and rode through the
night, spreading more Christmas cheer
until finally he landed at White Run
with a ruckus. It was time, my dear
listener, to give Nazim Christmas
justice.
for sale.
>> Do you get to the cloud [music] district
very often?
Damn, this is one of few where I'm just
I am proud. I would never do this again
cuz this took so much work. Probably not
surprisingly to turn this into a
Christmas Carol. But man, I Yeah, I like
this one a lot. This is definitely one
of my favorites. I would put this in S
tier. I think I really really like that
video. I like how it came out. Driving
across GTA 5. Twitch chat controls your
mods. [__] This one's also pretty good,
man. But this had some amazing moments.
>> OR JESUS. OH, WE DID IT. OKAY. GREAT.
GREAT. GREAT. Great job. All right. Now,
let's just get to Chash, please, and
let's beat this. Okay.
>> I still can't fathom um
>> the number of things that Twitch chat
had to turn on in the mod settings to
make this happen.
>> Okay. Yeah, this is this is nice.
I'm holding backwards on my keyboard.
>> Why is it slow? Why are the controls
backwards? Why am I Jesus? Why am I
flying?
>> Why [music] is the brightness like this?
>> Why is there a boat here?
>> Who put this here? And then the reveal.
Oh, there's so many planes.
>> The power of Jesus.
>> There are a lot of planes. This is, I
would say, one of the like most insane
combos of things that have happened in a
stream. Like, that was truly wild. I
would say A probably. It's not like S,
but it's pretty insane. That is good.
That's a good video. Moving along. Can
you play Skyrim if a bear spawns every
10 seconds? Oh, I do. This one I liked.
Today's video is a Doug Doug safety
training course. Are you prepared for
the top five natural disasters: forest
fires, hurricanes, tortillas, global
warming, and number one, bears. In
today's safety class, you will learn
exactly what to do if you find yourself
in a situation with bears. There's one
bit where I'm like I just start getting
drunk as the narrator.
>> And now, my friend, after 3 hours of
intense safety training, you are now
finally truly
safe.
Although
now the bears are just sort of waiting
[clears throat] at the bottom and
there's [snorts] no food or supplies up
here. Honestly, it seems like it was a
really bad idea. I mean, I'm not even a
real safety instructor. This is This is
just my community service because I
robbed a 7-Eleven, man. [snorts] I'm
drunk.
[laughter]
Ah, that's a Doug joke. That's for me.
It's not S, but I could see it being a I
thought it was really funny. This dude,
I have not watched it since. I think
this is just like a disaster. I'm just
like playing the game and bit of a speed
bump here.
>> Yeah, I think it was a disaster. Does
anybody remember this? Just random
things are spawning the whole time. I
don't know what happened.
was fine until you came along. Empire
was nice and lazy.
>> Oh, okay. We lost old.
>> Yeah, I would say this is like fairly
low. This be like a C or something like
that. I think it was just an amusing
stream. It was like a quick edit.
There's a few funny mo I think D
honestly. Okay. Doug Doug face reveal. I
don't know what this is. Never seen it.
Twitch chat controls the mods. This one
kind of bangs. This segment I think
again is like one of the peaks. It's
really good.
>> There are so many hot air balloons.
Okay, this is it. I'm taking a bath.
There's no people in here really.
>> Like in theory, everything that's
happening is random. How did it become
this cinematic?
>> If you turn the bartender into a hot air
balloon bath. Yes, I bought A BATH. OH
MY GOD. Oh my god. Please. What is
happening in the roof? Just let me take
a bath.
>> Like this next segment right here.
There's a horse. There's a horse and
carrots. This is [__] But if I can
squeeze past Oh my god. I just need to
take a bath.
Go, Arthur.
Please.
Why is he walking so slow? There's clear
danger. No.
No.
OH, IT POPPED. OKAY, the hot air balloon
popped. There is a carriage. Why is he
walking so slow? Please.
>> Okay, there's a carriage in the doorway.
>> I think this is probably ass to be
honest.
>> It's right there. This one had some just
truly unbelievable moment. [music]
>> This is bad. Let's go. I have to take a
full bath.
>> I just I can't believe and I have to get
out.
>> The type of insane [__] that happened.
>> I win.
>> We finally made it into the goddamn bath
house. Now I have to fully wash Arthur's
body and then get the hell out of there.
>> And then it ends with Tahiti. Give me
something else. Game. Game. It was
funny. We did other We did other streams
of this
>> of this concept and they they were funny
but it was like too chaotic and this one
just rode the line perfectly.
>> We're still taking a bath. Where we're
still in the bath. We're still taking a
bath. Arthur's shaking. He's in that hot
water. I got a LADY HELPING OUT. I AM
TAKING A BATH. Let's [__] go. Best
bath of my life. You couldn't
>> scrub left arm.
>> No small talk.
It's been 5 hours. It's building up to
this moment.
>> Am I in the bath still? I don't see
Arthur. It's still giving me bath drops.
This is three. This is my third. I might
still be taking a bath. Not It's not
clear, to be honest.
Exit. Wait.
[music]
Wait. Hold on. No. [screaming] No.
Why?
It just froze there. I love that video.
I think that's an S. The moments are too
[__] good. We're The number of S tier
videos is going to slow down. I think
I'm emotionally attached to a lot of
these cuz I was still doing all the
editing myself. But do love that video.
Okay, I only have an hour and a half.
I'm going to have to speed up. I
accidentally uh imported this and
apparently you can't get rid of it. This
is a banana slam jamama video about
Dota. Sorry BSJ. It's going in here.
Skyrim, but if I say dragon, 10 dragons
spawn. This is no longer the most
popular video on my channel, but for a
while it was. And this was an idea that
I was like, this might be interesting.
And I remember going live with it and
being like, maybe this will be fine. And
it was so funny. Do you still allowed
swearing or have you banned it?
>> Why do you think spawning bandits?
>> No. WAIT, WAIT, WAIT. WHAT DID I SAY?
OH, [__] BANDIT. NO. NO. That was
really good. OH, THAT [__] THAT was
really clever. Okay, maybe the intro
will still work though. Maybe killing
these guys. This turned out so much
better than I expected.
>> The captain's dead. You guys win.
>> [__]
>> It's It is wild. Like, this video is a
perfect encapsulation of the fact that
with creativity, you just got to try a
lot of stuff. You really just don't know
what's going to hit. And this I didn't
think would be that fun of a stream. It
was just like so fun. And then, as many
people have pointed out, for several
years, I want to say that was the most
popular video on my channel. It has now
been overtaken by Pajama Sam randomly
and eventually by the sequel to it. But
this video popped insanely hard. Oh my
god. You know, it got millions of views
and dude, this single-handedly got like
300,000 subs or something. This video
was so insane. I like it. I think it's
really fun. I have always been a little
surprised by like the extent that people
love it. But I think this inarguably it
was like very impactful. People really
loved it. It started a series. I think
it's fair to put that nest. Like
objectively, it is one of the most
impactful, if not the most impactful
video I ever did. Many other people have
done it on YouTube now. You know, Point
Crow and Fur and Linkis and a whole
bunch of people, all of which have had
like tons of success with it. It's kind
of wild. Like this is cool. This is like
a thing I I really started that had a
huge impact. Like so many people found
the channel because of that video. Best
of 2020 is 30 minutes. We will watch one
section of best of 2020. We need to
start louder, more confident with more
energy, right? And I think mods, that's
mostly on you guys. There was not enough
confidence in that voice chat. So, let's
I'm going to pop back in there. Two.
One.
>> What's up?
>> Okay, Doug. Confidence. Give me some
confidence.
Ladies and gentlemen, I have something
to admit as I watch this with a bit of
nostalgia all these videos. I believe
the end of 2020 was the year at which
point I stopped thinking loud as funny.
So F in the chat for when Doug stopped
thinking loud as funny. I'm fairly
certain 2019 and 2020 will give me early
onset tonitis, but it is pretty funny
looking back. It was pretty funny. Loud
was funny. I'm going to go ahead. That
didn't seem that good. I'm going to put
it in D here. All right. All right. We
got I got to start moving quick. Uh, how
fast can you move? So, oh, actually
after this I took a break for health
basically. So, I had like four months
where I was all in on mental health
stuff and then this was my first video
back. I really liked it. I was really
proud of like how it ended and I thought
I love this ending edit. I thought this
was very funny. Well, looks like we're
all set. It's been my honor to test and
invent a brand new form of
transportation for you all. But now I've
got to go. My people need me.
[music]
I thought I edited this one
extraordinarily well. I love the editing
on this one, but I don't know if it was
like that popular, frankly. I don't
know. Uh B, probably. All right, we got
to speed up. In Twitch chat be five
levels from the best Mario games. This
was just a very fun Twitch plays with a
very funny ending where they call Luigi.
That being said, I don't remember
anything super special about it, B or C.
I think it's more of a C. There's some
moments I really like in this. I mean,
basically every single video has some
moments I really like. Otherwise, I
don't really put it on the channel.
That's always been kind of the thinking,
you know. Skyrim. But if I say train, I
didn't think the train one was that
funny. I know people really like this
series. I didn't think it added much new
stuff. It was the sequel to one of the
most popular videos ever. I personally,
it felt like I was pandering rather than
making something new. Okay, this is the
first highly successful, pretty great AI
video. And there's a particular moment
that I think we all know which is pretty
great. And I do love that this is still
my LinkedIn. I'm a god.
I call myself Diablo the cheater. As far
as I know, I'm the only person who
writes a list of cheating cheats and
uses it in game. My mod turned the game.
My mod turned the game into an
interdimensional sex simulator powered
by a [__] necromancer. And I use that
game on a daily basis. To date, I've
cheated in 30 games. 22 of them were
developed by other users and the other
two were made by me. That is good. Peak
of AI, DUDE. AH, IT'S BACK WHEN AI was
so fun, man. No. Uh, nothing else. Just
fun. All right, S tier. Do love this
opener, which I haven't heard in a long
time. Hi, me Doug Doug. I do problem
today. I played Mario Party 5. This is
the era where I'm starting to work with
editors where I believe I brought on
Barry by this point and Sai is going to
come on as well soon. So, we're now
entering the era where like more stuff
is happening and I'm like bringing on a
team. This one I don't remember. I think
this was pretty funny. There was like a
good moment where like you guys blew
each other up with a bomb. Ultimately, I
think this was just Twitch plays. What
is going on with potato? What? I think I
speak for everyone when I say it's time
for a victory potato.
What is the context? [music]
Does it just end? What happens?
Okay. I don't I have no idea what I
don't know. I was like B or Z maybe. I I
don't know what was going on there. I
know you're excited about the potato.
This was interesting. I don't think that
particular video was that exciting, but
Twitch plays Mario Party was very fun
and new still, even though we've done
that like 15 times or whatever. I would
probably say C. Can Twitch chat be one
level of Pegle first Peggle content? One
of the things I'm very proud of is that
I could help support Pegle as a
speedrunning game. And I do not take
credit for the speedrunning community at
all or this, you know, popularity of it
at all, but it feels really cool if I
contributed to that cuz godamn Pegle's
amazing and deserves love. and the
videos where I was able to make Pegle
look awesome and fun. Love it. This
video uh it's fine. It's fun. I I don't
know. Maybe see. This was not a
particularly popular video. I just liked
it. I thought it was fun. It was for me.
Not everything's about you, chat. Okay,
next up. Skyrim's Dungeons using only
your voice. I am now going to remember
videos less cuz it's getting into
territory where I was working with
editors. So, over time, I became less
meticulously involved with the like
everything. This one I don't remember a
ton. I think this was good and solid,
but not great. From what I remembered, I
think this is deep. It's good. It's fun,
but it's just a solid thing with no
moments that I remember. Here's another
way of putting it. If there aren't
moments that I remember that were
particularly like interesting, funny,
unique. Neither of these two have those
moments. Uh, Fat Albert is not a tear.
However, Fat Albert is the next one.
This one turned this ended up being so
weirdly entertaining. Our eighth click,
Jeffrey Katzenberg. Does it work?
[music]
And there on the page, nestled betw
twixed Jeffrey Katzenberg's bosom was
the Shrek 4D movie, which I didn't know
existed.
>> Eight clicks. Congratulations everybody.
>> Dude, that right turn at the very end.
That p good [__] inclusion. The YouTube
click maps challenge focusing towards a
specific turnout as it like New York
street food. I Okay, just very quick
note. We got to start moving. This might
be the funniest sentence I've ever
written. And there on the page, nestled
betw twixed Jeffrey Katzenberg's bosom.
Just that. I don't think any of the
comments are about it. And I've always
wondered like, do people not realize
that's the funniest thing I've ever said
in my entire life? None of the comments
are about why did you say nestled betw
twixed Jeffrey Katzenberg's bosom? It's
the greatest line that I have ever
written or uttered in my entire life.
Not just YouTube. Okay. Uh I don't know.
I don't think this is S tier. It's
probably a People really like this one.
I like this one. It's fun. It's one of
those things that's such a dumb small
concept and became such a like weirdly
heartwarming little adventure together.
Okay, this very proud of this. This
kicked off a very very very large amount
of spam about divorce as a new man. Yes.
Yes. A man who'd learn to love. Is that
it? Did I do it? A man who's ready to
heal. That's actually sick. A man ready
for step six. Seek therapy. And so we
went and met up with Amanda and she
agreed to try therapy with [music] us. I
let Twitch chat take control of the game
and then we headed straight to Dr.
Freedellander's office. And I'm so proud
to say that we reignited the fire in our
relationship.
Thanks for coming to marriage counseling
today, everybody. I hope this helped.
According to YouTube, 56% [music] of you
guys are divorced. Great ending, but on
top of that, the editing in that video
that Barry and I did together Chef's
kiss. I think the editing on this is
perfect. This is another video where I
wouldn't edit a thing differently. So
good. This has to be ass, right? This
one's so freaking good, man. Random
enemy spawns every time I'm hit in
Skyrim. I don't even remember this. Any
notable moments? I'm going to have to
start blitzing through. If I don't
remember it really, I'm going to put it
in D. I remember modding street races.
This had a lot of like fun moments. I
think it was edited really well. I'm
going too fast. I'm out of control. I
remember this one having some really
good moments, but nothing that like
super stands out where you're like
incredible. I would say see the founding
of the farttocracy. Okay, this is
another video that's for me. It's not
for you guys. It's for me and the
hundred people who still think fart
jokes are really funny. And if you think
fart jokes are really funny, this was
the greatest thing ever put onto
YouTube. Open cheap and abundant farts
for the people. But the all farter will
ban you for 1 million seconds for your
insulence. Now let us see.
>> Is it barren
>> at this period?
>> Is any loud still funny? Open the fog
gates.
>> Oh yeah, I FORGOT EVEN LOAD THE THING TO
see if anybody closed it. [laughter]
Every time it broke Twitch, I forgot
about that. This was so inconvenient. Oh
man, it's funny cuz like back then laugh
tracks was still like really new and
funny. This was so funny. I This has to
be a I don't think it's S, but to me
it's one of my favorites. Like this is
another one that I just like makes me
laugh a lot. Okay, Twitch chat thought
they could beat an AI in Mario Maker.
This is where we make Chris Snack the
random AI that plays versus you guys in
Mario Maker. This was really fun. I like
this a lot. I would say it's a tier.
It's not the greatest, but dude, it's up
there. Maybe B, because B is pretty
great, too. But there's just something
lovable about that one. Okay, GTA V, but
if I say cop, the cops try to kill me.
This is the most popular video on my
channel. I'm going to assume that you
have seen it. I think it's just a more
polished version of the dragon one. The
funniest thing. So, Barry edited this
and this is the start of when we started
to do like little soundbased edits and
it resulted in the funniest part of this
video, which is not even about the core
premise of the video. See if you can
spot it. The ramps on their own are not
that bad. Cows on their own are really,
really bad. Actually,
>> cows,
>> those combined, I have no chance. That
cow noise isn't in the game. And that's
one of the funniest moments on the
entire channel.
>> Activating cows.
>> Those combined, I have no chance. There
is something so funny about that moment.
And that was all B. It was a brilliant
moment. This has to be S tier. It is
just objectively the most popular video.
I'm not clear if that means it's the
best video or it's just like the most
broadly appealing. I think, you know,
GTA 5 is just very, very broadly
appealing, but I think it's got to be an
S, right? Okay. Can Twitch chat finish a
single Mario speedrun? Now, today, my
Twitch chat is going to take control of
my Nintendo Switch and try to complete a
full Mario Maker 2 speedrun. What
happens in this? Is this the one where
there's like the Portuguese child? Very
bottom, we have our arch rival, Johnny
Man. Yes. from Portugal. One of the
largest countries in the world,
dedicates their entire populace. From a
young age, Portuguese children are put
into the Mario mines. They hack and
slave away at Mario Maker easy levels
until one of them can pull this off.
>> This one will be rettimed.
I'll leave the rettime in the
description.
>> Thankfully, I'm very glad nobody went
and like harassed this person. I think
he had like a lot of fun. There was a
bunch of comments on his video and he
had a good vibe with it. So,
fortunately, this was a heartwarming
ending and it was very fun for this
reason. I think very funny. Maybe Ctier.
Not like the greatest, but notable
because the fun little story about it.
Smash Bros. If I say a character's name,
then I die. This is one of like three
videos I watched recently as part of my
retiring and I'm doing a little
nostalgia watch. This is really good.
Like the editing on this is great. I
think the stream itself very very very
repetitive. I was getting pretty bored
towards the tail end because it was just
like come on dude. It's just how many
times can I say the word like? But I
think the video itself is actually like
very good. I would say A tier. I'm not
going to put an S cuz it's not one of my
favorites. This video, Mario speedrun,
but every 5 minutes the HUD gets worse.
This one is so weird to me. The idea for
this was that I saw this tweet in this
meme image of people being like, "Oh,
this is what video game HUDs look like
nowadays." And I was like, could I turn
this into a stream? And then, you know,
the HUD gets insanely ridiculous over
time. This video popped the [__] off. It
was one of few videos that had a million
views in 24 hours. Only a couple have
done that. I was like, god damn, man.
Like, people really like this. I think
it's very solid, but I have been and
still am confused as to why people are
like so into it. Putting an A. Can you
climb Death Mountain using only your
voice in Zelda? What I remember about
this only one thing we talked about
circumcising bats.
We're kissing [music] some babies, chat.
>> While bat fork skin are usually steamed
and eaten, little known fact is that
they're better grilled.
>> Dude, please unsubscribe from bat forkin
fat. That was a powerful 5 seconds of
content. Wow. Um,
Twitch plays one night of Minecraft.
This is a video that I distinctly
remember being like, "This should be on
the second channel." And we decided
this wasn't a bit. It really was quite
bad. Oh, remind me later. I have to tell
you a diaper story. [laughter] Okay.
Some All right. No, this is This maybe
is F. This is one of the few that is
like genuinely this this did not need to
be a main channel video. And I want to
be clear, the Dota 2 video is above this
one. This is the horse tilt video. Oh
yeah.
>> Be the best horse in my life.
>> Doom music. Horse tilt.
>> Let's do this.
GO.
OH, SO MUCH HORSE TILT. YES.
>> OKAY, now I land uh in
>> just immaculate vibes.
>> Just immaculate vibes on this one.
>> This might be
hard. [laughter]
>> I remember there was cream everywhere.
Like it was every It's not S, but it's
it's between A or B. AB real quick. A or
B. A or B. I think it's probably B.
Okay, I have 50 minutes. I got to speed
this up. I built an AI family. There
were multiple bots that all played
randomly differently and it was fun and
it was a good time and I don't think it
was a crazy impactful video. I'd
probably say like, yeah, the Chris Knack
fam. Very lovable. Is that like a video
you want to go back and rewatch a whole
bunch? Eh, not necessarily. Can you beat
GHA5 if gravity changes every 10
seconds? From what I remember, that was
very fun, but nothing crazy. I'm putting
it in D tier. Can I beat Mario Maker's
best level with only my voice? This was
basically, "Haha, Doug is yelling lots
of silly words." Uh, I would put this D
here. GTA V, but if Twitch chat counts
to 10 that I explode, this video ripped.
One of many times where we started with
a premise that doesn't sound that
interesting and probably isn't going to
be that funny and somehow turns into
absolute cinema. I like this one a lot.
I don't think it's A tier, but it's
definitely like up in B. Like, it's it's
notably special. I think AI made video
game characters fight to the death. This
one had some incredible moments. And
this is also when we first hired
Wafferscotch to do art for videos. And
man, some of these were awesome.
Waffer's art like made these videos. Oh,
they're so good. And then Master Chief
showing up in the end. I love this one.
It's not S. It was very popular though.
Has 5 million views. Jesus Christ. We'll
throw a name. It's It's quite good.
Okay. Ball pit. [sighs] It's always
funny when we do something that results
in real life insanity, including my
friend actually
>> What's up? What's up? having to live in
this room.
>> Uh, let me introduce for months. You're
gonna notice the timer on the door,
which counts down the number of days
until you're kicked out.
>> You'll always have to look at this every
time you go into your bedroom.
>> This was Twitch chat specifically bought
this for your needs and interests.
>> All right, we're ready. Oh my god. Are
you kidding me? [laughter]
Are you kidding me? Oh my god. Easy
feet. How? Why did you guys
>> Parker also came and stayed in this for
like two or three months or something
like that. Oh my god. Okay, this is a I
love this one. It can't go an S, but
this is this is a really really good
one. Doug and Twitch chat play Pegle,
but we alternate our shots. This is
another one where I was like, why did
this become so popular? This popped off
insanely hard. It has 7 million views
and it's us just hanging out.
>> Clutch that. Clutch that. Let's go.
Let's go. Great shot. Great shot. Way to
close. Don't you ever forget it. You're
a closer, chat. Oh, this is where magic
hat memes started. You're right. It is a
formative video. We're throwing it in a
This was formative in terms of like
culture and the types of jokes and
content we did. Okay, this video was
fun. And then we made the whole video
about Dragon Ball Z. But with Vegeta
defeated, Goku and Gohan had no more
enemies to fight. They were lost. They
had no one to train with. The only enemy
left was each other. And so one final
battle for Earth began between the
Twitch chat Goku and THE ARTIFICIAL
INTELLIGENCE GOHAN FOR THE SEASON FINALE
OF TWITCH Ball Z. 3 2 1 One life.
>> Let me forget about the ending. Do
really really love long awkward
uncomfortable endings. Motion capture
anti circuits. Oh wait, there's a great
moment. Hold on. So Barry edited this.
Very funny. Very well done. All right.
And after we posted it, I was like, "By
the way, super funny joke to write
subscribing." And he was like, "What?
This was not intentional." [laughter] He
just literally typoed and then it and I
was like, "This is probably the funniest
part." The bulk of that video is not
necessarily the best, but there's a few
moments that are just supremely funny
and so I think it has to go to B. I beat
the hardest and dumbest GTA 5 challenge.
This was very popular. This is the mod
that I made for the community to do like
a community challenge. Ended up kind of
being a disaster. And then I had viewers
submit runs of the challenge and
unfortunately the settings weren't
consistent amongst people and so it was
a good time but I didn't go the way that
I wanted for that reason. I think both
are probably like Ctier. They're they're
really fun. They're very watchable but
it didn't land in the way that I was
hoping. I used a randomizer to make
Zelda way way way harder. This is a
pretty fun video about weird Zelda
challenges that was like a staple in
2022 2023 for background and what is
primarily KNOWN FOR LAUNDRY.
>> OH MY GOD. DO YOUR LAUNDRY NOW. GO
LAUNDRY.
>> I'm going to go do my laundry. Be right
back. Just a very solid video. People
really love some laundry alarm. I'm
going to be honest with you. That's up
in B tier. That's not top of a It's not
that funny. There's one really memorable
moment. You can't compete with like
Overwatch versus TF2 explained with food
or you should take a Bowser or the HUD
video. A you got to a little more, but
I'll put it in B cuz that's quite funny.
GTA V with only my voice, but any damage
kills you. Notable because I think this
was a nine and a half hour stream where
it was with voice commands and I went
absolutely insane by the end and Barry
spent like so long editing this video.
Excuse me.
Keep going. YOU CAN MAKE IT. PLEASE,
please
go.
Yes. Yes.
>> Amazing edit. I don't know if that's a,
but it's up there. That's That's a
really good one. Top of B. I only have
42 [music] more minutes. This is why I'm
having to like speed this way up. Can
Twitch chat beat random inputs in Mario
Party? Very fun video. I think it's
probably C. It's nothing special. It's
just the vibes are good. This video was
notable because of the oxygen bank joke.
There was so much oxygen. Okay, putting
that in B. I forced Twitch chat to take
a personality test. This is very fun.
It's one of the first Parks videos. It's
primarily funny because Parkser is so
strange of a person. Uh, D here. AI
invasion. This is the first AI invasion.
I thought this banged so hard. I was so
proud of the idea of us like building a
story with a map that develops, like
using AI as a tool that develops like an
amazing story. And I think of all the AI
narrates a story. This is my favorite. I
think there's just something about the
way this develops and ends. It's crazy,
but it's not too crazy. We go to hell
and visit Satan at the end. You think?
A. Yeah, I could put this A. This is one
of my faves, actually. The follow-ups, I
think, are also very good, but not quite
as funny. If that one is A, I think
America is B. The space one is probably
B. And then I think the zoo one is
probably C, cuz at that point it's very
funny. It's just kind of getting a
little old. Raised 100,000 for Sea
Otter's birthday. This is I'll just do
it within the tier list. I'm going to
stop for ones that particularly stand
out. I think it's like D. I don't rate
it D because of a dislike for Rosa.
Obviously, is an amazing charity. It's
just the actual content of the video I
don't think is special. It's probably
got to at least be in C. Okay, this this
is a Doug video. Okay, I came up with an
idea. The discussion generator. So now
I'm going to have a button that I can
press that will randomly start a new
discussion topic with you guys that you
can discuss amongst yourselves while I
keep playing Pegle. The goal here is to
have like organic natural free flowing
conversations between you guys that I
don't need to personally manage. So
it'll look something like this.
Dermattoalysis
is a medical condition defined as an
excess of skin in the upper or lower
eyelid, also known as baggy eyes. Begin
discussion.
>> Now you go discuss. Discuss now. Discuss
now. Chat, discuss. Discuss. Discuss.
Mods. BAN ANYBODY WHO DOES NOT DISCUSS
THE CLASS TOPIC.
>> I'VE solved streaming. Oh, this is such
a great idea. I also pitched an idea to
Sai who edited this one. He was like,
"The whole thing? Like just do the
whole?" And I was like, "Yes." And we
did it and it's very funny.
>> If you got a real mess and want to clean
like the pros, then you've got to see
this. Hi, Billy May here with Zorbzies.
The most absorbent material I've ever
used. It has the strength and the muscle
to pick.
>> There is a skip ad button that
[laughter] is not real. There's a
timeline at the bottom that is not real.
And this is just in the video for 2
minutes. I think this is one of the
funniest edits we've ever done. And then
this also kicked off Zorby's being like
a major meme in the channel, which is
one of my favorite memes. I think it's
solid B tier. I know. Look, this
objectively was one of the least
successful videos of that year. It was
like maybe the least watched, but I
think it's very funny. Okay, we keep it
going. Fidget toy tier list. I'm going
to be honest, I love this video cuz I
love the fidget toys. Also, Barry had
some absolutely amazing edits. I'm
saying B. Really, really, really good
video. Doug has bad opinions of his own
videos, obviously. I have a very
specific lens through which I view these
videos. This is Mario, but I'm playing
two games with one controller. I think
was very fun in C tier. We woo. What?
What is this? Today I'll be attempting
my hardest Zelda challenge yet. Oh,
that's cuz of the ending. [laughter]
>> Environment's fine now. Wait until
there. [screaming]
>> This is when I let you guys play alarms
in the chat. Yeah, this was solid D.
Maybe F. [laughter] This is not very
good. It's not ep because the ending is
very funny. Okay, today I will be
building the greatest thing.
>> This is 10 million views. Holy [__]
this video did so well. I thought it was
like a nice fun job and I was always
surprised at how incredibly successful
it was. Kiki did an amazing job editing
it, but I was always like, "Oh my god,
really? This one rules?" This S for you?
Really? Maybe I should rewatch it. I I
haven't watched it since it came out.
I'll put it a I don't think I can put it
S because the S needs to have like some
personal connection for me, but it's
extremely good. I wish I had more time
to discuss these a little bit more, but
alas, I don't. Skyrim speedrun, but
Twitch chat can spawn anything. What is
>> today? I'm going to speedrun Skyrim. But
if anybody in my Twitch chat types spawn
bears, then there is a 1 in50 chance
that it will instantly spawn this thing.
>> Anybody know the dragon died?
>> That's uh that sounds about right. Okay.
Uh I would say see I remember liking it
a lot, but it didn't feel that special.
Blindfolded Mario Maker. I don't
remember this one. Welcome to the worst
stream of all time. I said that a couple
times. Uh D. I love this one. City
Skylines, but I elected Twitch chat as
mayor. This was the first time we had
chat god app where people at the top
left would talk. Like this is one of the
best moments of any video on the
channel. Welcome to the office, sir.
You're joining the position at a bit of
a hard time, but we wouldn't have
elected you if you didn't know exactly
how to clean up this mess.
>> I cammed.
>> Sir, we all have faith in you, sir.
That's my mayor.
>> I know what to do.
>> The citizens, they're hungry. They're
cold in their homes. The buildings
destroyed around them. Flames a foot.
What do we do?
>> Democracy.
>> Make a pole.
>> Okay. What would you like on it?
>> Utter Chaos 100x.
>> Okay.
>> A
>> cute monkey.
>> Two.
>> I still cannot fathom what was going
through this person's head. And I say
that with all love and respect. Was he
voting for his own poll when he said two
or is he saying two should be number
four? I still have no idea what was
going on this person's head. And then
the ending when Parker comes in and is
just horrified by it. Chef's kiss. Love
it. I love it. I don't think it quite
gets to S for me. Oh, damn. This one is
really good. Okay, this is GTA 5, but if
I break the law, I explode. After years
of breaking the law in GTA 5, I've
decided to mix things up cuz today I'm
going to drive across the city and take
a selfie at the Vinewood sign. But if I
break any laws along the way, then I
explode. Yeah, there's a good one. This
one's real good. The calls with Parker
are extremely funny. I think it's top of
A as well. These two are like they're
not quite S for me, but they're top of
A. Okay, Doug versus Lwig. So, this is
again Kiki doing music montage, but
there's just like a phenomenal chess
edit in here where the music is synced
up.
>> The [__] up. Let's end this.
Doug Doug gets the [__] dub. Let's
go. Let's go. Huge chess win. Massive.
>> Anyway, this this is sick editing. I
would probably be B. Yeah, I think B.
Pajama Sam. This, like many other, is a
concept that I was like, this is not
going to be very interesting, but
whatever. Let's send it. And somehow
turned into like the most cinematic
possible story and developed into this
crazy ass thing that took 7 hours. I
distinctly remember that day I didn't
sleep well and I felt like super
exhausted and I was like, I don't have
the energy to do like a really good
stream. I'm just going to do that stupid
pajama Sam idea I had. And this is now
easily one of the most popular and
referenced videos on the entire channel.
>> This is it. OH, 25. 25 [__] FIVE. AND
THAT'S HOW Sam 25 actually made it to
the end of this game without going
insane or being shot. And he enjoyed a
heartwarming ending sequence where he
actually becomes friends with Darkness
and they play a game of tic-tac-toe
together all night long.
Congratulations. I cannot express to you
guys how insanely tedious it is to
review videos like this because it means
sitting not just for 2 hours. It's like
5 hours where you're sitting and
stopping the video constantly to be
like, "Let's make a change here. Chop
that section a little bit shorter.
Adjust volume at this moment." Making
this was miserable. Shout out to Mike
who over the years has I think largely
taken the hardest edits and made them
come together really well. He's just
like been amazing at it. I am still
baffled by how this turned out. I love
it. I love Pajama Sam. And this is the
peak of AI and it was all downhill from
here. Yeah, I think that's it's an S.
And what's crazy is this just keeps
growing. It's been going up for years.
It just keep more people. I showed this.
It's now the second most watched video.
I've met at least 25 people in person at
like meet and greets and stuff who have
said Pajama Sam video is my favorite. I
watch it at least a couple times a
month. It's just like what are we doing?
What? People like go to sleep to it. I
think so. It is wild. And I think at
this pace, this will be my legacy.
Eventually, 10 years from now, this will
be the most watched video on the
channel, and it will be Pajama Sam, the
game I played as a 4-year-old. Cinema.
Okay, how much time do I have? 24
minutes. Tabs EU versus America. Very
fun. I think people enjoyed it a lot. I
don't think it was as special as some
other Tabs ones. I would say maybe B.
Fast food challenge. Okay, fast food.
Another one. Very random. I was like,
"Oh, this is a funny idea. Let's do
this." Holy [__] man. This turned into
a whole ass trend that like thousands of
people have done online. It is crazy how
big of a deal this weird challenge
became. It's also crazy because I
remember when we were choosing the
editing for this video and Barry and I
were debating whether we should open it
on my nose for like a full 30 seconds
before even stating what the video was,
which is a terrible idea for YouTube
retention. But as we normally do when
debating these things, we eventually
landed on what do we think is funny? And
this is really funny to open a video.
>> Uh, are we live
>> just now? Live.
>> Oh, cool. Uh, hi chat. Can you guys hear
us? Where's the microphone?
>> This is on the camera.
>> Oh, okay. Oh, what kind of truck do you
drive? Well, parks are
>> is a rental. Why Why is the camera so
close to my nose?
>> Uh, if I had known this would become
like a huge trend, I would not have done
this in the video, but I guess it still
worked. And then getting bucketed at
KFC. The story of KFC.
>> Well, you just ordered a bucket.
It's one of my like
>> it's so big. This is just like an all
time memory.
>> This was so much.
>> Thank you.
>> Incredibly fun to do.
>> Biggest [__] fast food order I have
ever seen in my entire life. Jesus
Christ. No. No. No. No. THERE'S BEANS.
NO. NO. There's beans.
>> People are still doing this challenge.
Like a week or two ago, FaZe Jason was
doing it. Ezfan DM'd me on Twitter. Ari
DM'd me asking for clarification on the
rules of the challenge. Like people are
still doing this all the time. It's it's
crazy. If nobody else had ever done
this, this would have been one of my
favorite streams and favorite videos.
Just love it. It's just it's a good time
with friends. And then somehow it also
became way bigger than that, which is
just a strange thing. Okay, I [__]
love this video. Dog D and D. This is
probably I think quite possibly the
video I put the most effort into of any
video. This was weeks and weeks of time.
This took so long. The coding took
forever. Making all the maps took
forever and then the actual campaign
turned out so great. It's almost a
problem how good the campaign turned out
because I've always been hesitant to do
more D and D because I feel like it will
never live up to this and how [__]
awesome it ended. As this gigantic
sensient Walmart burns to the [music]
[__] ground, it gives one CONFUSED
BLINK AND ONE FINAL WALMART
>> BEFORE IT ALL crumbles into dust.
>> I want to command the Walmart to fall on
Porky as it dies. Okay, you turn around
AS YOU'RE RUNNING. HEY WALMART, TRY TO
LAND ON PORKY 14 AND ABOVE AND YOU DO
IT.
KEEN. AND AS THE WALMART CRUMBLES, THE
WALMART STARES DOWN ANGRILY AT PORKY,
SEEMINGLY KNOWING THAT HE'S WHAT CAUSED
ALL THIS. AS THE THREE ADVENTURERS MAKE
IT OUT, the Walmart freedom collapses
onto Sparky and disappears underneath
the flames. The evil mayor has been
defeated. Oh man, I love this video. I'm
just like so proud of all of it. I'm
proud of the tech. I'm proud of the art
that Waffers Scotch made. It was
amazing. Proud of the story. I'm proud
of like Oh. Oh, love it. Okay, I created
the ultimate chess AI. Today, my Twitch
chat will be playing chess against the
most powerful AI on the market, Chat
GPT, who I've trained to perfectly
emulate the strategy and personality of
Napoleon Bonapart, the famous French
emperor. Uh, I don't think this is a
very good video, but people love it for
some reason. So, there there's
definitely people for whom this is like
this bangs. Like, this video bangs so
hard. I don't get it. I think it's fun.
I would put it in C or D. I think top of
B. Some people will disagree. Okay, I
got to keep going. Elden Ring, but a
random disaster happens every 2 minutes.
This is really funny, and I really liked
how it turned out. And it was mostly
funny because Twitch chat roleplayed
Erotica as Melania, and now that I say
that out loud, it cannot go above B.
This is in B tier. Mario speedrun, but I
can't look at Mario's nipples. Very,
very funny concept execution,
but it was a very funny concept. Also,
we kept playing Nickelback in it, and
that is very funny.
>> I love it. What is this one? Skyrim, but
NPCs spawn a cheese wheel every second.
Was this good? I don't remember this
one. I can't remember because there's
like approximately 3,500 videos about
Skyrim cheese on this channel, and I get
them mixed up. Oh, this is the cheese
counter one. Yeah, this was pretty
awesome. And there's the cheese tower.
Oh, the cheese towers are really funny.
Okay, now this was pretty funny. I would
say hi B. Personally, this one very
funny. Pegle, but Bejorn the robot
threatens me with trivia. And there is
this moment which is still one of the
most insane things I have ever seen an
AI say.
>> Ask a question about the hit 2009 TV
show Deadliest Warrior. Thanks.
>> Like, what am I supposed to do?
>> Oh, deadliest warrior. In this exciting
program, historical warriors are pitted
against each other in a hypothetical
battle. One of the most controversial
episodes featured two legendary groups
with a heritage of violence. Can you
name the two warrior groups who were
featured in this particularly
controversial episode? I don't what it
would be the most controversial matchup
be like cowboys [music] versus Indians.
I'm going to guess that. That seems like
the most likely to be contro. I don't
know what this show even is. It's when
they had cowboys fighting Indians.
Butter my hooves and call me a cupcake.
You're correct. The [__] between the
mafia AND THE YAKUZA was the most
debated.
>> Oh, but wait, those aren't cowboys in
India.
>> [__] you, man.
>> It seems like you've shot THE WRONG
ARROW THERE.
>> WHY DO THAT TO ME?
>> The American education system at work
again. I see.
>> Dude,
>> I still can't believe it did that. It's
[__] up. They're told not to do things
like that. It's not S for me, but that
moment is S. The rest of the video is
not, but it's up there with again some
of the all-time greats. Okay, I have 12
minutes. I got to go real fast here.
Unless something is like particularly
notable. I'm just sending it. Rose of
Birthday. Very fun. I don't think there
was anything notable that year. I mean,
it was just a lot of money, but the
actual edit video was fine. Twitch chat
battle royale. Really, really funny
concept. I think that was awesome. It's
going up in B. I don't care if you don't
like it. It's one of my favorites. Make
a giant hole. I don't remember. This is
AI City Skylines. I think it was good
but not great. What is this? Mario
Maker, but random images cover every
level. I think that was pretty funny and
I don't remember. I apologize if that's
wrong. I think that was C. Skyrim, but
if my heart rate it goes up, it spawns
10 dragons. Very funny. C. Oh [__] The
AI secretary one is so funny. It telling
Shelby that it doesn't need billboards
and then [__] is so funny. High A.
It's almost S. It's top of A. Shuffle
Mania. An event I am extraordinarily
proud of. The actual video, I think it's
fun. It was better as a live event.
Snake 2, very, very funny. The ending is
one of my favorite endings. High A tier.
Can I beat Mario before Twitch beats one
level? This was a very fun I'm putting
in B tier. It was one of my favorites.
It was just a good time where we got all
wacky and weird. I got to stop for this
one. In the era where I edited
everything, my favorite is Poo versus
Bloop. In the era where we had a team of
editors working on things, this I think
is the best video of that entire era.
This to me is maybe two. The Zelda
Straightline video to me is like a
perfect video. Kiki did a phenomenal
job. Put an insane amount of work into
it. the music, the story, the way it all
comes together. I love this video. It's
one of few that I will rewatch on a, you
know, mildly regular basis. And it's
like classic Doug, too, you know, of
like a it's like a game challenge. It's
not just AIs making dick jokes. Okay, we
got TO KEEP GOING. OKAY, this is one of
the later iterations of AI invasion. I
don't think it was as strong. It's in
Dtier. Twitch chat does AI, but it's all
made up on the spot. I think it was very
funny, but is not as strong as the
original one that was really planned
out. Maybe B. [__] there's still so
many. I like need to do like one every
30 seconds. Judging my stream based off
Twitch for dummies. This to me is very
meaningful because it kicked off a very,
very heartwarming friendship with T-
Morris, the author. There's just
something so heartwarming about this
whole thing. Judging chat based on
whether they're ethical, I think, was a
really good idea that didn't land that
hard compared to a lot of other AI
things. I would say high. Okay, D has
too many bad things. You're going an F.
You're going an F because these are
still good. This Okay, I'm not saying
the end result, but the idea
>> using Barack Obama's hands to play Mario
Party is the greatest idea I've ever
had.
>> Could Barack Obama's hands win at a game
of Mario Party? Well, today we answer
this question because I wrote some code
that will track Barack Obama's hands and
if he moves his hands in specific
directions, it'll press specific buttons
on my Gamecube and control Boo in Mario
Party 7. Which means we could watch
Barack Obama's United Nations speech
from 2016 and have him face off against
my Twitch chat and my YouTube chat and
me using voice commands to see whether
the former president is actually as
cracked at video games as everybody
says. This is the way America was meant
to be played. I do think that that is
the single most insane string of
sentences. I'm proud of this one. Again,
the video fun, the stream fun, it was a
good time. But I think that just if you
take of all of these ideas I've had and
you just put it in a single phrase or
sentence, that is I think the one where
you just go, "What on [__] earth are
you?" That's insane. That's incredible.
I think it's high B. I don't even think
it's A cuz again, the video itself is
like very fun but not like that crazy.
But man, here we go. Uh, Neopets with
Parker. Love this stream. So fun. I know
it's not the most popular, but I love
bingo with Parker. I would say B. It's B
for me. Tabs general. This is close to a
perfect video. I'm going to be honest. I
can't say that about all the really
popular ones, but the way this
incorporated Taco Bell, the way it
ended, The Hobbits, the Mountain Dew,
it's just this. Love this video. Not
every AI video to me is like an
alltimer, but I think this one really
landed. I don't even know if I'd put it
in S, though. At the top of A, there's a
category of videos that I think are
incredibly good, but S is something that
like to me it has something special.
Maybe like personally for me. So, I
don't know why it doesn't hit S, but
it's like right at S. I have 7 minutes.
Okay, what even is this? If anyone is
unhappy, bear spawn. I think uh fun
concept didn't pan out the way I hoped.
Who wants to be a millionaire with
streamers having to answer all the
questions? Very fun. Btier. Oh man, can
I fly an airplane under every famous
monument? This was really funny. The
editing was great. The meme template was
so funny. Flying into Jesus was really
funny. I think this is a tier. Okay, I'm
going way too fast. If I don't keep
Twitch chat happy, Skyrim will kill me.
I think something like C. Fun concept. I
didn't think it landed that hard.
Napoleon versus King George and chess.
Probably C. I don't know if you guys
liked it a lot. I felt it was too
reductive. It wasn't unique enough. If
your message isn't completely unique,
you're banned. Really popular one. I
didn't think it was like that unique of
a stream. Personally, I think it's solid
Btier. Video games versus Failboat. I
love this one. I love playing games with
Failboat. I think it's probably high C.
Elden Ring, but you can only say what I
said. Lots of really, really great
moments. That's like B. I mean, there
are bangers in B tier, man. This was not
this year, but the previous year's Rosa.
It was a 4-hour video. In a weird way,
it's like an incredible video cuz
there's so much amazing content in it
cuz it's like 4 hours. I think it has to
be like mid high B. Clone commercial.
Really, really funny. And the fact that
we made a real clone commercial kind of
rips insanely hard. I think it's high B.
5 minutes. Oh my god. Only 8,000 people
can watch this stream. I think that is
an extremely funny concept. I love it. I
absolutely love it. And then Sai did a
great job in the edit. I think high B.
Kyoto with Nurosama. This is high A,
right? This has got to be high A. I
don't think it's quite S for me, but
it's got I mean, this is a great video.
I think by this point I was starting to
get a little bored of AI stuff and maybe
that's influencing it, but it's a great
video. I know that's S for a lot of
people. I think it's like right there.
It's as good as it can be without for
some reason like hitting a personal like
memory for me. Training AI on Twitch
chat. I love this. Very funny. Creating
a Twitch chat AI bot is incredibly funny
and I think it's like top of B. This one
is Chatt finds videos. I think it's
solid. Probably D. Would you steal a
baby? GTA family feud. Low C, high D.
Editing phenomenal. I think the actual
stream worked out like decently well.
This one almost an S. Stream ends unless
10,000 people are watching. Just like an
incredible moment. The editing is so fun
and so good. What an incredibly unique
story and experience is so weird. I
think part of what knocks it down for me
is people still spam hold the line like
way too much in situations where it's
not relevant. Right now is obviously
fine, but there's a couple people who
take that too far. But god damn, it's so
close to S. It should be S. I don't know
why. Top A. It should be S. It's an
amazing video. That was an amazing time.
I cherish that memory a lot. Skyrim
speedrun, but the quest make no sense.
Is this the one where I'm bugging Point
Crow? I think it is very funny. I don't
know. B. I have like 2 minutes. Can my
nine smartest viewers count to 10? I
loved this one. I'm putting in B. I
thought it was incredibly fun. Peggle
Rogike. This one ripped absolute ass. I
loved it. I was proud of the design.
It's going in A. Doug's 10 oldest and
worst stream ideas. Honestly, I loved
it, but it seemed like people liked it
less. I don't know if you guys feel I'll
put it in B. You know what? [__] it. I'm
putting in B. I love this video. I think
it's fantastic. Same with Clocks Sim.
Clocks video so good. I think this is
like a perfect stream. It's A. Clocks is
A. It's got to be an A. Oh [__] AID and
D. This is probably A. This is like up
there in A tier, too. It's really good.
Rich's Chatter. Rich's Chatter is really
great. This is also when I started
selling the book. And the book is like
an incredibly fun, meaningful thing to
me. I'd say that's a probably because of
the book launch. Chatbt tells me stream
ideas I think was very fun. Nothing
super crazy. Probably Ctier. Very solid
video. Rock paper scissors battle royale
probably same thing. Very fun. Cool
concept. Nothing super crazy. Death
Road. I love Death Road. I don't think
it hits S, but it's up here. It's at the
top of A. The entire top row of A are
absolute 10 out of 10 bangers. That's
the end of the sentence. But S tier is
11s. Okay, this is the follow-up to AID.
I think it was also a great video. Very
well made. Great story, but at that
point felt less unique. Chess, but
everybody can talk. I think is a
brilliant idea. That was a lot of fun. I
would put it in B tier. I think it
overstated its welcome, just very
slightly, very, very, very slightly.
Lockout Bingo with Parker. [__] love
this one. I would also put it in B.
Everything in B I love a lot. Uh, and
finally, the retirement video I would
say was a solid F. Ladies and gentlemen,
thank you for watching. I unironically
am extremely proud of the last 7 years.
Jeez, like I said, I haven't watched
most of these, but I man, what a
insanely huge variety of different
videos. Like an insane number of
different moments and different like
experiences that came out of this. This
is cool. I've really enjoyed this. This
makes me feel very appreciative. I think
ranking my very top. Look, I know some
of these in a tier are people's absolute
favorites and they think it's sacrilege.
I think my top all-time favorite videos
are probably
I think these are my top five. Poo
versus Blue, Dungeons and Dragons,
Straight Line, Skyrim Cheese, and Pajama
Sam, I think. But I love all these, man.
Unironically, I am so grateful to be
able to have done this. It sounds
cheesy, but I looking over this is kind
of nuts. I appreciate y'all very much.
Thanks for watching. None of these
rankings mean anything. If you enjoy
something more or less than I did, that
is obviously the correct opinion. It's
whatever you feel. I have a very unique
relationship to all of these. Every one
of these had planning and stream and
editing and what happened after posting
it. All this stuff that does not
necessarily relate to what the average
person [music] experienced, but man, it
was cool. Anyways, I'll be back soon
streaming more things. I wanted to do
this as like a nostalgia bait at the
start of the year. And now on to new
things. Oh, beans. I'm late. I got to
go.